You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or with leather clothes , and no one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know a single epiphany of it is generally something that dropped to you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to the block as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio , where I was the weird thing .
As they beat up to bleeding every week in the bathroom , until a teacher saved me life .
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom .
I did it in secret .
For three years .
I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that master lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm in addition to adults .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to ask you with this please . ''
Well , the next day , we were in Cleveland .
We were laughing , we laugh , wept , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we take care of her family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , became a box of ashes , and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about being done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life needs .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm so happy that I was talking about this today .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first icebergs .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I salute my water about 60 meters away , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another snowflake year after year .
Now , ours are born when they fall out of glaciers or break down the ice shelves .
Each iceberg has their own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold to the end of the end , while others ca n't stand it more , and they would become a very dramatic kind of passion .
It 's easy to think , by seeing a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But the reality is all the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum of a iceberg releases rich water in minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I come close to photograph these icebergs as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , you have that way , and you wo n't come back in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt down ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's rare to actually see a rolling iceberg .
Here they do .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing up there .
This is a Greenland , average size .
<unk> of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And I wanted , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , same day , exactly at the same moment , every single baby is a baby .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this scenario , I want you to imagine that in a case , the chromosome and the sperm is joined by the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the sperm chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
Both turn on and starts life .
We 'll go back to them later .
In my activity , it turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- they say , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body -- what they 've thought about the body .
The other role that in my work is the activist , as a patient advocate or , as I say sometimes , advocate for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than average .
And I 've worked with a lot of people who have sex sex , individuals whose manhood does n't fit into male male and female schemes .
In general , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> took many forms .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that 's not going to be embedded in the male or female forms .
For example , there is the case of the individual with an XY gene that 's called the <unk> gene that we all have in the social life , which is testicles .
And then , in social life , testes make testosterone .
But since this individual has deprived of testosterone , the body does not react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but without reaction .
As a result , the body develops in a typical female course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a little girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not , but to puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breast breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing making them tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's not really that way .
Women , as men , have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; he does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think it 's a typical woman most women as me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we 're responding to the <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the more exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : A few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; he had a girlfriend , and he had sex with her , he had a life as a kid , and he had just discovered he had ovaries and uterus .
It had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had chromosomes , and in the uterus , the <unk> glands were so active , which was essentially creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone , typically male component .
It was born as a kid ; nobody suspected .
And it was at 19 years when he started to have medical problems led by the internal menstruation , when the doctors found that , in fact , was a woman in the inside .
Well , another example of a <unk> case .
Some people with chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know what that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are going to be <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> are tested by surgery , not so they can be interested in a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they are going to several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being female is to have female identity ; it 's supposed to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when we presented a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people in a same body .
The higher recent case is last year with <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> ; he put into the <unk> of his sex on the Berlin <unk> in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to ask me , `` What test are you going to do to determine whether you 're a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that do n't have such a test .
In fact , now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or men and <unk> and <unk> , and we 're who we map that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , the more we have to admit that these categories were a stable anatomical categories that were going straight directly into categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into a rough terrain .
So , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What 's <unk> in fact about them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science becoming more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we 're probably going to be too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to attach a moment from which a body becomes human , and it has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> arguments today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> about when someone considers dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot , they put a feather in front of his nose , and if he moved still , he was still <unk> .
If I stopped moving it .
But today , we can , for example , extract organs from a body and put them into another body .
And as a consequence , we have to deal with the dilemma of identifying somebody 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think this explosion of categories might be happy like me .
In politics , I 'm a match to people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more unstable than we were thinking of .
It 's <unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious , and so radical , in what they did , that I find each so much looking at that music <unk> `` 1776 , '' and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
The Founding Founding fathers were , for me , the first anatomy activists and explained why .
And what they had been rejected was a concept that they would argue with , and he meets it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And , as everybody remember , what our Founding Fathers were predicting was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth to birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power came to the blood of the blood to the parent , and then the son and so on .
The Fathers were rejected from that idea and they were replacing it by a new notion that 's anatomic and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They ran the game of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences . That was very radical .
And partly they were doing because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear to us , if you look at the history of Founding Fathers , that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and therefore he picked up the concept of supernatural power that goes from a vague idea of birth of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence and talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They speak about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And so , we were passing the idea of the anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid down the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And the women succeeded .
Then he came to the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
So again , people of color who would give the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to hold some sincere divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to deal with the anatomy .
I do n't mean that five year-old kids were supposed to allow them to have sex or married .
There are some sincere divisions that for me to make sense , and that I think we should hold .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> creatures at the beginning of this talk .
We have two creatures , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before : June 1 .
Henry , by the opposite , was born in term 1 March 1980 .
For the only fact that they were born three months before Mary attribute all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because she has a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , at virtue of being considered a man , if I do n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , has not the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry every states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still persist anatomic categories that in various ways are setbacks and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went so much in the field of anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , I sometimes feel like science will escapes .
Where are we going to go ?
It seems that what 's happening in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example : Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome , and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I Time to `` My Work '' is a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But how do you do that ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure we should be able to do this for <unk> rights to people , because I 've admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know can make more informed decisions , intelligent and mature about their sexual relations that people of 40 I know .
So how do we put in practice the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me asks what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America will keep guiding this current thinking relative to the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to refer to a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made to give birth twins and then pick them apart , and then grow their fame .
But when the phone asked her the reason the operation was , he was a very <unk> operation , and he responded to me that other kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
So I said , `` Well , has been considered political asylum instead of <unk> <unk> ? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are the <unk> of the state of the state .
So I think we need to be on the head .
Well , in closing , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about the Fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to the magic .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic differences , in particular if there are people thinking about group .
Since years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are embedded within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in grad school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism was considered me as a feminist , as <unk> made me a strange argument .
Tell me what feminism is . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
feminism has to do with getting rid of the stereotypes of gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've been thinking about your question , the more I think there 's a little female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more challenging to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the Fathers were very attentive , they were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , having gotten more blame to this concept , maybe we could enriched the concept of protecting the concept of peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect joint , think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go live and work , they have the possibility of choice between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we are far away from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count a single city willing to do it .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost .
So we could easily afford the world tens , maybe hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound like absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just got them through apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , whether they were owners and to the other half still failure to do it .
You could try to increase the capacity by making <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that we 're going to argue is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid discomfort and <unk> distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place is building the construction rather than building it .
So I proposed that governments will build new enough reform zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : underground cities .
Later , I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would crawl out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In summer 2009 , Honduras ' summer went through a constitutional crisis .
Over the next regular election , <unk> <unk> are supported by a platform in which I promised <unk> reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under a charter to its most fundamental ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all the current apartments in apartments .
It makes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like progress to progress , and they 're usually the rules that prevent us from going forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent her a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City . Notice that land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a fairly abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going to be held there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country advance .
He asked me to go to <unk> and I would talk again about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to <unk> a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 kilometers .
So I was trying to convince you that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that would measure at least 1,000 miles .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
Everyone <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The conference leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk .
I have this here on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be an option of a city that you could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it includes new options for leaders .
Because civil government leaders would need help from associated countries , could benefit from the associated countries that were helping them to establish and make the rules of the charter , so that everyone could trust that the charter will actually meet .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily span a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after January 19th , voted in Congress to <unk> his Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special special regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> .
All the parties , all the factions in society , really got used .
By <unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
The 17th of February was passed on another voting , from 114 to one .
So immediately after the voting , from the 21st of February , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new great center of the city that 's building in South Korea , is larger than the Boston center .
All you see there was built in four years , after it spent four years getting the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this in practical ways , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come , and then they would allow they to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allowing her Supreme Court to allow her Supreme Court to be the ultimate law enforcement system .
There 's <unk> and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding out of funding .
But the only thing we know that we 've solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are a lot of companies who wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would like to be changed immediately somewhere .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job -- sometimes they are unwed mothers who have to make money for just eating or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What do you seem to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with the suits .
I love finding , and more recently , photographing and publish in my blog , bold , colorful and different for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is <unk> of <unk> markets and <unk> shops .
Ah , thank you .
The second <unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet you guys , usually my money goes to a good cause ; my money is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Will it be from my size ?
Do you like color ?
Is it less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I won .
To go back to the theme of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings with someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought up .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after arriving on Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know me as the woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the collections for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned on this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is called brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see you great for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole thing , including the jacket , I got 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you do n't just understand , you 'll also understand .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you 're carrying inside .
Sometimes people say to me that it seems to be playing the costumes , or I remember them to their <unk> .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : The trust is the key .
If you think you 're good at something , it 's almost certain you are .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably also true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person on your inner and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract them .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to do everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth , six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing itself , a very cool way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just because of what he was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , Brooklyn to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to <unk> these things emotionally , because around the corner , there 's always going to be another crazy , colorful , colorful suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you shake your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put it to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As one intuition that you may have developed over the age of the years is the one that says one thing can be alone at a place at the same time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking park .
It was a small kid , and he did n't do it very well , he always fell .
But I 'll bet that play with that parking bar showed him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking parking , play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really bizarre things -- as they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point was the physics of a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition in my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But did n't it fit into my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles , and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the tenets of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel so much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little metal piece I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom here a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then here we get a very big approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard and a springboard and <unk> on a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this <unk> hole that 's found under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people come up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or really , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> on the journey of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We had the lights , then we introduced some vacuuming and pulled it out all the air , and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than one degree above absolute zero .
Now , by being alone on the elevator , the little metal piece is free of acting as it wants .
So we measure their movements .
We found that they moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way it was like it was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows , it expands and it contracts .
And by giving them a smooth thrust , we were able to make it <unk> , and they do n't shake at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time , those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain moments when those line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every single atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom and that little metal piece is kind of the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal may be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that talks about .
So , imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we warmed it up , and we turned the lights on and look inside the box , we saw that metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , seemingly all the objects on the elevator , actually only quantum objects that are just close to a little space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's more profound .
It is that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the profound strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss that 's here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is explaining to just this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
I had a great education -- I do n't get rid of it , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So better than show you the demo then to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from the launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the New York art museum .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click and , whoa , we 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Would you like to navigate the museum ?
We opened the plane up , and , with one click , we jump into it .
You 're inside , you want to go to the end of the hallway .
Go ahead and go ahead .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all of the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get with 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in in this very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did research a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered this is a game called <unk> , which is to hit a <unk> with a Tuesday one Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even deeper and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to remove the image , so you 'll really see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is painting .
The best thing is for coming , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and actually do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm actually going to get to the cracks .
This is the night <unk> , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online creating your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go into it , -- I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming in , '' -- we just pull around .
It 's about `` ambassadors '' in London National Gallery .
You can write things out , send your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel about looking at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think , the main thing is that all the amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , I 'm not , in my opinion , even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from these artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice , and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think about it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
Let me tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that there 's happened something that has happened , which was really interesting on Sunday racing racing in the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a Formula 1 race , I would take a budget , and you 'll put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you would win the career .
This is what we 're in engineering , it 's called real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Today , what 's interesting is that real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
You 're going to become computers in the open .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and <unk> .
Cities are a big thing .
As a aside , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world population .
Seventy-five percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and we 're going to have been entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> for weekends at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Talk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
So it 's kind of like almost all the atoms out there would come back and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment .
In a sense it 's almost like the old sleep of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses , he says , at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it in the Moses -- in fact , you still can see a little bit of <unk> , and he said screaming , `` You know , `` Do you do n't talk ? '' )
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer of luck with 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember that , they would have Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I finally won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by watching activity in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> river .
It 's the morning before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
And so early days , there are people over here , and they 're doing calls , moving .
It starts the match : silence .
<unk> in France . <unk> of Italy .
<unk> , people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
Time extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yes !
That night everybody was to celebrate the center .
You see the big peak .
The next day , they all went into the center of the meeting team and the prime minister at the time .
And then everybody got down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we would n't have been able to do just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they assemble .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash in the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that would be <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results .
In Seattle ...
After a week .
And with this information , we realized that there 's lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that had n't existed .
There 's complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup <unk> does n't disappear , that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle <unk> on a day is still there .
That if we show people that , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection , and a lot of other things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we 've talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology be , new technology , add to that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> tubes , <unk> that open and close .
It was created as a curtain of water , with a missing water .
If you fall the missing pixels , you can write on them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it .
And then we set up an commission to design the building 's entry into the Expo .
We call this the Digital Water pavilion .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and windows , but when you come up to come up so you can go .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the ceiling .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Now , those days would always be someone , in the winter , when the roof go down , someone who was there and he said , `` <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when it goes down almost all of the architecture disappears .
This is how it works .
You see people who are going through what happens inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do not get wet when the sensors open up .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that will open to leave you , but a building that was still making and holes in water and you had to jump up to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us , that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use it .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter as we saw before , which moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal <unk> configuration .
Or , in three dimensions , where what it changes is the light , not the pixels of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that the screen will appear on different scales and sizes , different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a greenhouse cloud in 3D that you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> <unk> going down to form a fifth , like before .
When the light turned on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers today , the New York City star and La Scala about <unk> to capture his motion in 3D and use it as input to the <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , capture it in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time , like motion capture .
It can <unk> all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the missing pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion and gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a potential entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- like a <unk> farm as a barn farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make it just a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what 's remarkable has happened in the last couple of years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign was <unk> by us , we can move from the digital world , of the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from missing the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in the pixel .
You can move around , have different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics in 2012 , and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up , like a new peak of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital beacon at night , but most importantly , it 's going to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I would tell you that , with only a few changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for a more accurate , faster , faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better ways , to be stronger , to get more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure .
What about to live more with good health ?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Very few . It probably had to be the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose the memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most people . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> topic here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a doctor 's eyes on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which is also <unk> in the <unk> Church , wrote a trial called `` Nothing in biology makes sense safely to Evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept this biological evolution consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is others about ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the most interested .
<unk> from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There have been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and come back .
We 've been here for about <unk> years .
It might seem that we are far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in most of the basic machinery of our cells , it 's sort of the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin ; but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable from the contents of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria , do you realize that we all have in the gut more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think of -- when Antonio Damasio , I think about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that they can want without effort on their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria to the occasional <unk> disruption .
But , by the way , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in sort of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , like one and unique human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you loved it .
When I first moved to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love in love with the power of evolution , and I realized most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , each cell simply divides and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two daughters .
But when organisms show up , things start to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability that the disruption of the body enters evolution in the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have a confession to tell you , when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at that moment , but with every year that was going on , every single year .
I got to understand George Burns 's feelings , which was still acting in well in this early '90s .
And one night , someone hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a wonderful <unk> dancer .
He looks at him , and he says , `` I came to look for a sex soup .
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal , the objective of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted it to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted it to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is about spending the genome to the next generation , adapted and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> <unk> , designed to send the genetic charge into the next level , and then let us get to the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen put when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the biggest or the stronger or the faster and even the smarter .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria <unk> that can survive the heat of <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish medium in the void , but they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's going on in evolution , and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first is that I do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the reasoning behind that , that would be that , through medicine , in the first place , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment for us to fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we will become so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that we need to happen .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of the traditional , natural kind of natural , driven by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when as a kind of <unk> distant planets are going to exist , and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a attractive , intriguing possibility , intriguing and scary .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but yaw and selected as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
First of us consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they are choosing to have more male men than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and the familiar level .
Think as well as possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and it took 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost close to 20,000 dollars , and within a week .
It 's not a long time to make the human genome reality for 1,000 and more and more and more .
They come up with those changes .
The same technology that 's produced human insulin can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce against other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial , with the vaccine against the flu vaccine that 's grown on a tobacco plant cells .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine only two little changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if you could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the newly <unk> egg , and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , to remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want a healthier child ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease , will also allow us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you could be able to get it to the next generation of the computer machine , Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of passing this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally I could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are elections that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , they 're going to have to have them .
Are we going to use these options in a better , more successful , more successful society ?
Or , let 's choose to selectively choose different attributes that we want to do for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deeper thing out of all : Are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already gone on the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
You 'll get the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three most <unk> words you 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ended up .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a sentence , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to hear anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really has changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we were riding the George Washington Bridge , which was n't a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also took place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted in things that did n't care about people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; we 're going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is <unk> , 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while I was <unk> , I had the feeling of , `` Wow , die not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been dealing with it all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness will become a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing up .
One month later , I was on a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still , and I scream , I cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood that the two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I became a miracle of not dying that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and to live in another way .
You guys who are flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same is going on on your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would it change ?
What is it that they would do , who are still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with many amazing projects .
But the most brilliant thing that I worked on was this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
And one day he came home after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel 27 in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today we have a total paralysis today .
You can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design and animation company , so obviously the graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with his brother and her father , and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , it 's not that you saw Stephen <unk> is not that all the people with paralysis can communicate with these devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're an important person and you have a very good sure you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Anybody watching the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate that way -- they 're making them marking off with their finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to you with the only wanting to deliver a check , and instead of that a check that I did n't have the least idea of what I was going to cover .
I engaged her brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , draw about that and record space .
So they go out there making art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a cycle of life .
They start with the sex organs , and then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life in your presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of the organization and a lot of moving things on one side to another , we had a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could make it up , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And , seriously , it 's more fun ; I call him <unk> , because he 's talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing that we did was bring seven programmers from the entire world to spread out every corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved into the garage of back and these hackers and programmers , and <unk> them , took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid , and that when they were holding off the wall and their place would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping ride , my son was part , my dog , also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a cheap sun goggles that we bought on the sea ride in Venice Beach , some of copper wire and <unk> home and the Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it together on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and there 's a device ; we published the code <unk> the software down in free .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only your eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , the whole night , Tony 's going to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We did the bed , so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot outside of the hospital .
And he 'll draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to take over the parking lot so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and someone finally came to me and pull me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a display program .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine acknowledged us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up the <unk> , is that in April of this year in the Central Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you look at something that is n't possible , do it possible .
None of the things in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> , is nothing possible at a certain moment .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never done anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I would love with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we 're going to find ourselves with something we feel like doing . If it 's not now , when , when I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations usually very difficult and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
It <unk> in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- it 's fun at the beginning , which is hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career career I 've been <unk> in situations in horrible ways with the only goal of dealing with social issues , interesting , and hopefully analyzing it in a way that looked like useful and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was going to come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and the patronage wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I 'd like to do is , `` <unk> your <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and according to content might be <unk> in the face , especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company by doing it .
But I said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that feature , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I could n't tell you , with sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , the advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've become in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could be done , nothing could be done , for something that was so difficult or dangerous as to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's how we had the <unk> of products , the marketing and the advertising , and that all the film is supported by <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call the `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest movie ever about '' is that everything from the top at the bottom , it has a brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title of the title .
Now this brand , <unk> Built , the <unk> Center ...
These people were signing up in perpetuity -- forever .
And so the film is exploring all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : That 's whatever ? ( MK : That 's redundant . ''
I 'm a cartoonist . ( MK : I 'm just telling you . It was more by emphasis .
It was `` A forever . All right . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X-ray in the title , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to make sure all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The most brilliant car that you 've driven in the `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you 'd ever heard of , <unk> from `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life , making them make the film ? ( MS : Doing it ? ( MS : Doing it . ) MS : And we actually showed the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 're going to see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , in principle .
And I would love to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : But I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : A million . ( DC : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it certainly is going to be worthwhile to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment the movie comes out , let 's look like a bunch of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think that 's going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be difficult to sell it , by the film , to be me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . MK : Okay .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to deal with ...
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's roll the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shut off the camera '' meant to have a conversation outside the microphone .
The camera means `` we do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And that was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to present the product to as many people as possible , to cause so many people to see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the landscape of the separate media , is not the idea of the idea of that new vehicle worthy that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error , and that mistake was this .
Actually no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you look for <unk> images ' at Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free from simulation or deception -- easily detected , which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name the name , the president , the claims , even the CEOs name it .
But suddenly , when it comes to making it really , something changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare road path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies , and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> . ''
We want them to tell a story , but they say <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in a lie -- and there he is looking at me as a <unk> -- and there he is looking at me , and he said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take off the intermediary and go to the companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to see from a sudden -- and I started to give me a little bit of this , is that when you start talking with the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films that make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , say the reason why their films are so successful is because of the <unk> brands .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically at Ki-moon .
Every time I 'm coming out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the Ki-moon deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you , you know .
Maybe you should put some of this before the interview . ''
And there would offer one of these great <unk> .
Both `` <unk> of Paradise , '' like `` Paradise <unk> , '' they 'll have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the kind of smaller films that we actually made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that other brands have .
So doing things like this , you know , to remind ourselves for people 's reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to be to describe Ki-moon ?
Ki-moon is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : <unk> technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think that cool is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat the smell and <unk> . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we get fresh time longer ? We better , more freshness , three times more cool .
It 's things like those that highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm , my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : reviving 80 , <unk> <unk> , unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One thing . ( MS : Last ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I 've got would be like a dark <unk> .
I like dark colors , so many gray and things like that .
They 're usually wearing accessories as sunglasses , or I like the crystals , and I like it .
Woman : If you were a brand like a classic <unk> , the Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I 'm calling a casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because they deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : Black <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be able to be Tom , but I often sit at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
He needed someone who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , cash to discover that personality personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : Take the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar photo .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place and in my case , and they start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who would like to be me .
I like different things .
I like things like weird stuff . I like strange things .
A : Tell me about why , what does that serve ?
What 's the machete ? How <unk> are you here ?
Why is to reset ? What does the red represent ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more than you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
So there was a lot of madness .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there 's two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
It 's very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think that some companies are only going to lie on one of their strengths , or in the other rather than focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to be -- and it 's nature that 's going to prevent the things that they 're not safe ; they 're preventing fear , those elements , and you actually give them off , and you make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here , here 's Target , Wii , Mini , Mini , and <unk> .
Now there are online brands and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come in , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to get your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you rather an descending attribute ?
A little deeper , reserved , conservative ?
Communication attributes are like being playful as being playful as <unk> , contemporary , bold , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystic like <unk> .
Or are you rather than <unk> descending ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
You 're a traditional , traditional provider , protector ?
You 're reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , contemplative , contemplative , wise or wise Dalai Lama ?
Over the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies and bottom-up and descending , who said , `` No , they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we get to tell the story in this film of how you now use the MRI centers to identify the desire centers in the brain , both for a commercial marketing like film .
We went to St. Paulo where they have banned advertising in the open .
In the entire city for the last five years there are no fences , there 's no posters , there 's no shoreline .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting their way in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer or the ones I 've had more successful are those where I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat you directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to think about people , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie was released at Sundance , let 's look .
As the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers only a two-year period of two weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no television .
The film is still not slowing down .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all of the agencies we talk about to their clients will not be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk yourself , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees at the aversion at risk , it 's preparing their company for lack of rewards .
I feel that what 's going to happen to move forward is we have to encourage people to take the risk .
We have to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we need to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
Let 's make fear . Let 's make the risk .
From one <unk> at once , we need to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
Today , more than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And saying this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been taken for my good friends of <unk> who per name for $ abortion the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> great data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan 's name on the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : That 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for wife 's worth to be applied to my TED assistance for the next year .
And the idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant of <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are actually real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we can get a cash virus to Windows on a portable computer used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> goes into the gray box , damaged the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started to research on Stuxnet research six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : The <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
And that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our Stuxnet environment , and we saw what was going on with this .
So , they had very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a rat in the lab to which he did n't like our cheese , the wave , but he did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then of experiencing different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a driven attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is looking at the gray box in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If you do n't , Stuxnet do nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , an example , a power plant in the U.S. , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than the target will soon .
And so we pulled out to be pulled out of the attack code , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed with people very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information .
We 'll get all the points for them to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator will fit .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that if you 've heard that Stuxnet would be complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the burden is very complex .
It 's very much above all that we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
It 's quite a lot of the old polar language .
I want to tell you how we could find this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning was called the function of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we were trying to do it with the real world , with potential targets in the real world .
We need theories that we can pass or <unk> .
To come to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white <unk> , and it 's probably located in Iran , because that 's where most infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant of <unk> .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's take a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them up and I asked them in an effort to make their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with control of rotor .
The rotor of rotor is that cell phone in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you certainly can <unk> and even make centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to get back crazy to the maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking closely at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't get away .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts calls called the stages .
And guess what do we find in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
For no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been away after several weeks of hard work .
So we 're wearing it in dead ends , and we had to go back .
And yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were going to be one and the same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and by turning the rotors , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're really confident that we 've determined what the recipient was .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other targets are going to be you for Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the input values of sensors , for example , of pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which still runs during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , this false entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber feeds <unk> video .
Is that great ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the control room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to give up a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine goes away , you have to open escape from escape by a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can move bad things .
The plant can explode .
And no <unk> or the security system will notice you .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is a generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could also work , for example , on a power plant , or a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker that disseminate this load with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology from worms to <unk> .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing with what you 're going to do is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of targets .
We have to face the consequences , and we better have to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph <unk> has been in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : OK , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can carry on and give them abilities , or another one that makes users of chairs to stand up and walk back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something that 's put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which is also increasing its speed , and it helps you , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect with the universe and with other things .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the U.S. soldier who , on average , should take on your back a <unk> charge of the top , and you 're forced to get more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- lesions in the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
So we decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the handheld exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds on variables for a lot of hours .
Their flexible design allows you to crawl and run movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's now look back into the users of chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , roughly , in the world , in the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens in frequency , very young people , with damage to the column that when they start their lives -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide with a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that you get older than you 're growing up quickly .
His only choice , many times -- because of brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been done for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that is using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result , it could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It has a sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that they send signals to the computer on board , here in the back .
There are also some battery batteries that give the motors on the hip , and on the knees , and they do it forward with this soft and very natural journey .
I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing down <unk> costs .
In a fraction of a second , I lost everything , and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , never come back to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
That 's how I stole the last hint of hope for me .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> <unk> down in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even riding on hand bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allows me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change life for future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of the wheelchair , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> <unk> festival .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the breeding bonobos in the rainforests .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made a lot of emphasis on this thing in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show the other side of the coin .
While chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying types , the Bonobo 's society is in charge of females .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence is still not observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest that has been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction also puts in danger the Bonobo survival .
The trade meat of hunting and deforestation is not going to fill in a stadium with the bonobos who have in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , on this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the hidden laughs , you can hear the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the Bonobo 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
At bonobos , as humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of kids .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
We learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , you see the evolutionary roots themselves in the same way , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that you have only taken from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> ball game ; I 'm not talking football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` You 've got him on the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common as much as as in humans as humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting , because it shows the genius of bringing unusual elements to play -- like <unk> and also how the game requires confidence , and it fosters trust -- and at the same time it is more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are most likely , imaginative , curious -- maybe maybe the place where the wonder will be aroused .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a <unk> water .
I think , as she does , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner and outside and outside of our worlds .
And it 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobo gives us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a more and harder world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a success of a world that changes we have to play .
But how did we get the ultimate game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems at least to play , you can be the moments in which it 's the most urgent thing .
That 's why , fellow primates , we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we would love creativity , and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting the poverty , <unk> fires as a captain 's assistant at a <unk> department .
And in our city , where volunteers who are a highly skilled staff has to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a fairly high chance of going .
But there was still a race on foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through the worst days of his life .
We were in broad night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in <unk> , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> , came first to the captain , and he asked him to go back and save the dog 's dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell people that I went into a burning building to save a living , just because I won me for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need that between home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I do .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hall , went to the <unk> department that at that height , and they had finished off the fire and walked into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my charge around the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog at the front door .
We got out of the home of the house treasures where , as it was to wait , his treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the house owner and the courageous job to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about what else was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes .
So much in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my vocation , as a fireman fireman , I 'm an acts of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace and courage and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are for us to do , remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you -- do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's go now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but each day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So you enter the game ; I 'll raise your shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks are built in surgery with a very simple idea : <unk> cement modules that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit of construction in the world .
They 've allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the same time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , to LEGO came up with this .
He called him brick from automatic assembly .
And in a few years , we were cycling bricks to all the homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion dollars per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
He made it accessible .
We just adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , at the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a world of aesthetic bricks to each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a major difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are being reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
Let me show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is that they bond together .
So you ca n't be placed in the wrong way .
The bricks have color code .
The green is the output , the pink is the current , pink is the input , the orange is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green , and very quickly you can start to make older circuits .
It 's a blue one with a green one .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have a regulator push .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light on turn .
We put this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program and connecting and incomplete , it allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
It 's going to go faster or slower , and you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind it is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to get ready to use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , motors , everything needs to be accessible .
We 've been given to kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that we do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light works , or why the door of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds .
We also have led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> .
A few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the designers at the Rhode Island School of Design , who had no experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a fusion cannon <unk> movement .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a lobster made out of Play-Doh that 's afraid of darkness .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be in the grasp of everyone .
So let 's have an open-source source .
You can visit the website , download all of the design files and memories .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for being involved in the environment .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of charge .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to run the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I started an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that stands for almost everything that they 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work on the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like some <unk> of Peace .
And we had a few members every year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to Third World we send them to the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your task is to show you the possibilities of today 's technology .
They meet Al .
It 's a hydrant in Boston City .
Here 's how if I looked at a date , but what you really find is that somebody else is caught by the snow , because he knows it 's not very good at fire when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment it was a long time last year .
They realized that the city has never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> , I noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he made a good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice app that you can adopt a hydrant .
You want to clean off when you 're going to hear it .
So when you do that , you put it a name , in this case , in this case .
If you do n't do it , someone can make it up .
I mean , it has a players ' component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe it 's the tiniest of 21 applications that last year .
But it does something that no government technology does .
And it spreads into viral shape .
A network responsible for the city of Honolulu by seeing this app realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for citizens <unk> <unk> .
It 's very important that they work these German tsunami , but people steals the batteries .
So he asks citizens to monitor .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> smiling .
And Chicago just released it to make people come in to clean up sidewalks when they go .
So we now know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't happen normally .
The acquisition acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that I had done by the normal channels I would have led to at least two years and there would be about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that until the moment has over 2,000 million dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's set up in a couple of days and it spreads in viral ways is a kind of warning shot to the institution of the government .
It suggests to the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in a open and generative way .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution of a collective institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good , because it turns out that we are very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration that they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost from sight .
And that is , if we stop side of the politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that they get us crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we do n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And since the government ultimately made out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' how to think about it affect the way that change is .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people for charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , a matter of <unk> .
This is the center of mobile phone care and information .
It 's the place that calls your phone calls if you 're putting anywhere in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
I entered `` <unk> '' in the base of official knowledge .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , can you open the gates of the house , put music right and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app and web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
We did n't get that app .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York Fire in Boston .
One day , this really happened , it comes to this order : `` <unk> in my bucket of trash . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
The <unk> 's dynamic is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> . '
In this case , he saw him a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , I found the cube of crap behind the house .
Do it ? Yes . Did you live ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet boy . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the government 's income to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily refer to the definition of a platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to settle and help others .
So , one citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
It connected two people .
And it could be connected to government services to be needed , but the neighbor is a better , cheaper way than the government services .
When a neighbor help another , they will promote communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
Many people understand it , but they think that one is the input to the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader , sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and express our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like an immense ocean , and the politics is the <unk> surface layer .
So below it 's what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt what keeps it that 's keeping us that that we 're funded by as something that operates on our own against , that other thing , and we 're just losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy that make it sexy .
Because that 's where the real government work occurs .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've been dealing with the government , it 's time for us to ask the world to ask our children to leave our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really think we 're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on the name of everyone ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to cultivate the government 's function so that it can expand strengthening to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not that hard to act , you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I can , reluctantly , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their views at any same time and they do it .
So when you face the government problem , you do n't really care about to hear their voices .
They 're using hands .
They set up the work to program applications that make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking off weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we were always able to have cleaned those hydrants and lots of people doing it .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not just consumers , we 're not just consumers of government that we pay tax and we get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't support citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And being here at TED , you see , and I 'm hearing a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that you say here have impact around the world .
Sometimes if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
So here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I actually did n't learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a woman African-American family dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it was power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about the 1840s .
She was born about the 1880s , and his experience with slavery predicted the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but it was also <unk> .
When I was a little kid and I looked at it , she was approaching me and he gave me a good hug .
I was so strong I could barely breathe , and then I got apart .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at her , went up to me and said , `` Wow , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'm holding it again , and if I said yes , I gave me peace .
He had this human quality that would always wish to be near her .
The only problem is that I had 10 kids .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with it , it was n't easy to take your time and your attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up a morning , went to the room , and there they were running all of my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
Then he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , walked up in the room , he took me out of his hand and said , `` You see <unk> . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
He took me outside , and he said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anyone . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're not going to do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down and looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything . ''
I will never forget it .
And then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is we always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to conclude that I always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you will always make the right thing to do the right thing . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that I never got alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the rural rural , and I have a brother a year older and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> pack of six beers , I do n't know where he got her sister and I went to the forest .
We just got to do the follies of forever .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . You 're going to follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on , Come on .
I took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can go on . ''
Then my brother stares at me .
And he said , `` What 's going on ? Take a beer . ''
And I got a force and I went , `` Oh , I 'm not going to be still thinking about conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mom says all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be an virtue ; I 'm saying that by the power that identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that they really do n't see them .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe being able to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail for the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , was to engage them .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
There had 300,000 prisoners 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black black in the age of 18 and 30 years is in prison or in probation .
In urban <unk> around the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in prison or in probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about to poverty .
In this country , we have a justice system that tells you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is wealth .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
I find it interesting .
We 're looking at our work in some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , give you of rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where they were sentence to children from 13 to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , without chance to get out .
Right now we are in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
So in some sense , have you <unk> to think that the ultimate question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
In every nine people executed , he has identified an innocent one that is <unk> and released from death row .
An amazing rate , amazing , an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , you would never afford to fly airplanes , if every nine to take off , you would have been crashing .
But we somehow isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our charge .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted to World War II .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for American Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid of being <unk> .
They were going to be bombarded .
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives .
Now there are older people who are coming to me and say , `` Mr Stevenson , you teach talks , talk about people who stop saying that in our history address terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of ethic and of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our history .
And this is why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time <unk> with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflicts .
It costs us to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome race segregation without a commitment to the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving the death penalty conferences .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to hear what you 're saying . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
Naturally , we can never get it here . ''
And the room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way to our history , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we would put people together . ''
<unk> on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their own Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we actually do n't care about these hard issues , positive , wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We are fascinated by technology . We will change creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both of these things .
We talked about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And thinking about them is , in a way , something that 's within us .
We have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are , despite being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
And the development of innovation is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas as well as the heart convictions .
This connection from mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and dazzling , but it 's also the dark and the difficult thing .
Slime leader , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for spirit , a willingness to be in despair in despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I believe , that even in communities as TED , it has to be engaged .
There is no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human , if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to the way we can find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were gathered just to speak .
Occasionally , Mrs. <unk> called me , to say , `` Wow , comes the lady lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes , lady . I do want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I would answer , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and just listened to them .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was sitting there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that this idea of justice justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We try to end the death sentence for life , without parole for the kids .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We try to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I finally looked at me and said , `` Mmm mmm . ''
And he added , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> , leaned down , put his finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been raised in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I believe that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a killer .
This is why I think there 's basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
This is not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , do n't judge us by our technology , because of our designs , not by our intellectual or rational capacity .
At the end of the judging the character of a society , not because they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but as they treat the poor , the doomed people , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound topics about what we are .
Sometimes I 'm <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my breakthrough in a major way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of <unk> .
I go to jail and I see my clients of 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> to be diagnosed as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge become somebody who 's not ?
The judge was <unk> as an adult , but I see a kid .
A very late night I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you have to have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old client , a small , poor man , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> so that my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a privileged privilege of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I 've been able to have been profoundly behavior in accusation , in the behavior of the police and the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or I really wrote it ?
For my horror , it was n't just <unk> , but I was sent to the court .
It was about two months , I had no forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and fraught .
I finally stepped out of the car . I walked into court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was a court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I told him I know .
And then I approached it and feathers .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That deeply connected with me , with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences room .
When I got into the judge , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. I was me . '' And we started to argue .
People started coming . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy crazy stuff .
The cops are the legal prosecutors , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all furious because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye I was going to see the concierge that was coming and came .
I would look at the window , and you 'll try and hear the whole thing .
I went through walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge confirms a break .
During the break , an <unk> showed me <unk> because the superintendent had come in the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black man stood up , he looked at the assistant , he looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience room to tell this young man that keeps her sight in the <unk> target . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds towards justice .
We ca n't really be truly human beings , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity , you have to bind those of brotherhood and compassion and justice .
And above all , those of you here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the <unk> target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience , this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities around us .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there 's going to be a little bit of this spring in which you 're going to be going to be an effort that 's going to be spent in terms of punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty over the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of murder do not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance for change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's said that it 's got to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to those who think that 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic rise emerges in the prison population .
And we 're leaving to convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life for life , because they steal a bicycle , by small crimes against ownership , rather than getting those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : So <unk> , you 've got me very close to me today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you so much for coming to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats for Bin Laden death .
<unk> : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> in Somalia : The police throw O.C . spray .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> ruthless . <unk> .
<unk> six : <unk> social <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> : <unk> of tsunami . <unk> of tsunami : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War on drug drugs . <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . End rise . Egypt , Syria .
Crisis : Death . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just a few of the clips that I got in the last six months , <unk> might be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media media would prefer to <unk> negative news , because our minds are paying attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses gets many more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing is important to us to survive , the first stop of all of this is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all of the information is looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
That 's why a <unk> of stories were looking at the negative .
That old press saying , `` If there 's blood , you sell , '' it 's very true .
And because all of the digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong .
But maybe not that way .
Maybe , in change , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the enormous progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create an abundance world in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water water , and energy , we certainly have them .
As human beings , we 're very good at getting to the problems , and at the long , we 've just left with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average lifespan has more than doubled , average per capita income for inflation has tripled in the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of humanity 's history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined poverty .
Think about it , today in America , a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , TV , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> <unk> , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
So we 've got a lot of this technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend , Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we put in the technology of information jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubles the price of price for about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to watch two things in this curve .
First , the soft thing that 's -- in good times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the result of computers that are used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop in front of any big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is actually getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , to Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , which my Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , the robotics and its ability to democratize it and distribute personalized production across the planet , biology , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw victory at `` Jeopardy of Watson , '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline that I would have .
And I loved this one , `` Watson was affecting human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy 's not an easy game . ''
He plays up with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to all the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact billion people 's lives .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single planet on the planet , it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
This is a Napoleon 's story from the <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited him to have the king of <unk> .
The Napoleon 's troops ate with covered silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , she ate with covered with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , but more than the gold and platinum .
So that 's why the tip of the Monument to Washington is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is treating percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's linked for oxygen and <unk> them .
But then the <unk> came up and made it kind of cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's get this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but access .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel of the diesel -- we can raise rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents a national average .
And if we have abundance of energy we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk now about water wars .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft down to the Earth , 1990 , after I spent Saturn ?
It 's a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for half percent of the water on the planet , but there is also a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> , the <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to a day of any saltwater , polluted water , a <unk> by less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought that I 'll do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have full confidence in which that 's going to be , Coca-Cola is in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation that exists today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya that President Reagan 's 25 years ago .
And to tell you with a smartphone with Google , you have access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton is 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications abundance that nobody could ever have predicted .
So better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology now <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes in when you show health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation -- something called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We 're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they speak , and because it has AI , you can coughing , you can get your blood away from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the charge of morbidity is 25 percent of them , and there 's 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device is going to make a RNA virus or DNA that does n't determine , call the health administration and , in the first place , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , spending two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never been heard of it to the global conversation .
What would these people want ?
What should you have ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars into the global economy .
And more health care , thanks to the <unk> , a better education with the Academy Khan , and because of the use of prints in 3D and the computer computation will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity , educated and productive ?
What about a few voices never before ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What are these three billion ?
What if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were only able to do big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college teachers , among others .
And then hundreds of thousands of people joined up and started to play it .
And it has been shown today that the machinery of human patterns recognition is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the innovative passion of the <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that are going to be asked to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe he thought he came up with him , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very common .
It was grouper .
He caught it very much up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List in the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times in Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is , we 're still going to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , it also illustrates another concept : <unk> .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could <unk> .
It burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm palm , and you can see , from a few mangroves .
There were <unk> of about 20 centimeters , <unk> of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and it was going on for a good time , so he was earning more than half in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the amount of fish had halved .
I 'm going to go through the five centimeters .
<unk> a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I became complicit in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s -- well , it started in <unk> Europe , so many development projects made .
Climate development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called `` The <unk> 4 . ''
I went to fish in it , and we conducted studies in southern China 's Sea Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , right now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are sort of tiny spots on the remains , the remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came on the deck and then they cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The bottom line is going to be a solid coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat it . They were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not going on yet .
So they wanted to kill her because he was a good food .
This mountain of remains what the fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they 've never been fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
We put the point of starting , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to make this happen .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature .
Each generation will use the received images at the beginning of his conscious life as normal and extrapolate to .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the collection of changes .
And at the end of the end , you maintain miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to maintain things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when they 've got older animals without knowing what they 've done until a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before gone extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose <unk> animals .
You lose regular animals .
Even if this is n't perceived to be a big loss .
Over time , we focus on the big animals , and in a sea synonymous with great fish .
They become unlikely because they take advantage of them .
Over time , we have a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect that it has the evidence .
So for example , the anecdote that some of you show , as Captain such as a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , typically they do n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not science .
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
Hence the enormous role that can be turned on a protected marine area .
Because with marine protected areas , we actually visualize the past .
You know , you 've got the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area , and they can benefit from the vision that provides , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think the arts and film might be able to fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay -- 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think why people moved in with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the history of <unk> why they 're going to hang on with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
That 's why my recommendation , the only one I 'll give , is to Cameron , to do `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube force manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why the videos are made and what important has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper together in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be done famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a little percentage gets viral , gets a lot of hits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside his house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , we saw 23 million times .
This graph shows the collections in the popularity of the popularity of the past summer .
Now , I did n't say a viral video .
I just wanted to share a <unk> rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Yosemite .
I had already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this <unk> that he 's going to get to popularity .
The <unk> of trends like Jimmy <unk> presents us and show us new and interesting things to a broader public .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday . You have to start on Friday . You all want to go on Friday . You all want the weekend . You know , <unk> , Friday . You know on Friday . KA : You wo n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' <unk> is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows how often I use it .
Like , like , like , like , like , like , like , this video seemed to have emerged out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other spikes , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it up and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , the <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of trends are going to adopt a view , and they share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts to talk about and do things .
And now there are 10,000 little <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the passage of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that has been seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats watching the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then he got international .
All of a sudden , a whole <unk> community came from being a kind of silly joke to something that we can all form .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we 're participating today .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted like this like <unk> or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat . ''
What script could have been written by this situation ?
In a world where two days per minute , only that really unique and unexpected can be made of the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who 's going to protest about <unk> fees in New York City , I admit I was n't too interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for not circular by <unk> , but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly removed by the <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise effect , and in their humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all new that we make in a creative form .
And all this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The trend of trend , the creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected form of a new type of media , a new culture , which we all have access to , and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the present celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the features of the old media , they 're just the same means of the world 's media , but we 'll get entertainment in the future .
Thank you .
This is not a final story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still going together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported by the only unit of unity and freedom in his country .
Think of the communist as the communists come in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally no vain .
The words , for so long , friends , now they were making fun .
<unk> in the silence .
He died broken .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My job was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn , <unk> at the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined for a task : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> , that challenges the fiction , a little boat on the sea dressed up of fishing ship .
Every adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was pirates , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother wore a little bit with poison .
If you catch , we would first take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
So my first memories are from that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the bow will diving into each wave , and the vast and vast horizon , and empty and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and not to take off for six hours .
But I know the lights of the oil rig in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed , and died , finished the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men from the platform .
No apple had after the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of a workers ' kind whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of <unk> English were exchanged between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and that an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , it would n't matter what it was supposed to be removed , which was usually clothes new .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes from the other .
A school uniform until the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> about the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` Asians , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something on me will be stuck .
I was compiling determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to go through it . ''
My mother , my sister and I were riding on the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and we were listening to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my job was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to make it up .
She opened a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't do the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys , they were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
On one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what I would love myself .
On the other , it was very rare in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many people got help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of law , I elected the young Australian young year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
And I was an anonymous resident an anonymous resident , it was now so I did , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I 'd never heard , and in homes that she had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters , and two daughters , just end up the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and going down , the three still in the bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat .
The `` no '' had ever been an option .
`` Do you go , '' he said , `` Do n't be what these things are not . ''
So I talked about youthful <unk> and education and <unk> to the outcasts and get them .
And the more frankly , I was talking , the more it was <unk> to speak .
I met people of all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the edge of as possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , the scene -- and not only it is good , but it 's something that is so grateful to , perhaps a gift of the boat .
Because being inside it can easily mean by <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
And I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is closed , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> , they were tremendously tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a strange mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
<unk> a small group of people who the motto `` ca n't do '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , it was a giant soup pot that we all share .
It 's going to be <unk> to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
After a single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died soon after she was born .
The mother was raised .
At the age of 17 became a <unk> whose mother beat her .
With no support of her husband , he caused a stir to the <unk> and take the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
You ca n't have done it wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne , in Melbourne .
I looked at the <unk> of the shower and I saw him stop on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say goodbye .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a temple temple in <unk> , and we sat around her coffin .
We tell stories , and we make sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold their hand .
And I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand warm , and the rest of the body 's so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand in the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men that had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would be easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could want that to do that .
However , I fear the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , by diving down in each wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother is here today , on the fourth or a fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epic epic .
In those days when Indians , we wanted to travel <unk> to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when he was <unk> , the great Prince Indian warrior , he had thirst , he pulled out an arc and a <unk> on the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a lot of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't tell my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to be the magic , not kill her .
My grandfather gave me his <unk> silver <unk> .
And this piece of technology for 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images and <unk> and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the sense that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras prevent <unk> .
We were inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I threw this technology into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
It took books since 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device able to connect the entire readers of the world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
I gather the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that use ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for the iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I 'm a character of the book .
Now , I have a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- which comes to me .
My inner child is excited by all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragon-kings , but to that magic magic , these ideas that are <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always turned out pretty exciting .
So , over here , we need to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , they light up your way at the addition of the book .
Another idea I was fascinated by a little bit of a <unk> galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every single world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there have always been maps , but it has been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you through the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another very important aspect to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary of it .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra Lab for millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
In a story that 's all today today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been locked up to their PCs , they have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our children to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and gather different images of different natural objects .
As a kid , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles , shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to regain this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you put a photo to a flower , and then <unk> it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label on .
So this way is created a digital digital collection , and then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a fox and says , `` Oh , I 've seen a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of the connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we asked to have an interaction where you get out of the iPad , and the video on and through using augmented reality sees a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants .
In a moment the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and you 're going to try to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature is <unk> with technology and magic and technology , they get one another .
<unk> the energy of the sun .
We 're approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic , joy and child love we sit down through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of hacking fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University <unk> was <unk> a director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or you and asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , this is one of the biggest problems that everybody , or maybe not everyone , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my scale scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a network on and off .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I plug in , sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when he needs any assistance in it , or some urgency of that style , but saw her backwards .
But there 's something else .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my scaling Wi-Fi , and before I get up to my car , people start telling me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's peer pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , you can try to move the people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , being available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to go , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for a hundred dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to regain control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us care care because of the challenges that we face , as the shot of the costs of <unk> care , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but also through millions .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share it with you with a video .
We all have <unk> controls .
Maybe we even have them on our phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are in <unk> .
And also where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was making millions in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience to say , `` If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , you know , where , and when you 're open , because sometimes you open up at home and others are closed . ''
And over 10,000 <unk> are already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the weeks we can use your cellphone from Microsoft to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to <unk> globally .
We 're <unk> all of our colleagues in the world , at other universities , to help us find out , to work and act as a building center in the developing world around the world .
Every time you go on holiday and someone collapses , you can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I 'd also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us validate these <unk> .
They might be <unk> services , or telephony people , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in their place .
Please help us help us into this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here for sharing photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that you ca n't take with your cameras .
My interest in the photograph was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my prior passion by the drawing , but it was a little bit different , because using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when you push the trigger .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that I started to press the trigger .
Now , since this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But he 's got an unexpected twist .
And yet , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism I say <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something I can do , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
We have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Is it the details or the colors ?
Did it turn off the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But at the end , it 's the way we interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three <unk> objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still seems three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like a realistic picture , I think they 're those where we do n't even think of -- the things around us in our daily lives .
But when they combine photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to make realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements ; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is completely composed of photographs of different places .
Now , I think it 's easier , I think it 's easier to create a place that 's finding it because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a journey of fishing .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made red the house on the top of the island so that it looks more thoroughly .
So to get a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here 's each piece that 's very well meant to be .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide here about technology , very boring .
So if you can put it in ...
It 's a diagram of mine who took from a folder .
I 'm not interested to show you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's about a analysis that we were doing about the power of the microprocessors <unk> versus the power of local areas .
Now , what 's interesting about this is that this , as many other we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
It 's more intensity because writing about paper .
Why are we taking technology curves at <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them on a normal curve that , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look kind of ridiculous .
That would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , would we see a straight line .
But if something happens , like this , a qualitative change .
If the transportation technology is as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that pace .
There is no precedence in the history of technological development of an agricultural growth , which every few years forward , we have a few years forward of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's make one of two things .
Or it will be able to turn into a typical curved curve like this , until something else comes up , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe will happen something like this .
So , we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and I 'm trying to ask , `` What 's that new way for the world ? ''
What new is the world runs out ?
The transition seems very , very <unk> if we are engaged in it .
I remember a child the future would happen in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
It 's a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I will have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So we go back a couple of 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great rock rock with a lot of chemicals that would spread around them .
If we look at the way that these chemicals were organized , we give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of the origin of RNA , I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it is that , at that time , I had floating some oil droplets of oil with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them put together materials from the outside of the outside , and so the drops .
And they started division .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplets .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you split up an unequal distribution of chemicals that had .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , the drops that somehow became better at the time of bringing the chemicals around them ; they were growing more and more chemicals and they split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things got interesting when these blobs have learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways we do n't understand very well these similarity learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , we 'd be able to think about this evolution of writing that allowed them to track what they were in order to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white powder that I try to hide from the airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA and 10 to the 22 times .
So if anyone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone here -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If you were a <unk> , you would have put it in a virus , and you would have spread it in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy another one billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things look very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information as well as cell communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way they avoid penicillin and <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place to form communities that , in a way , were put together on that ; and a synergy of a synergy .
They did n't survive or failed together , whether if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were going to take more and were empowered by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came up so much that they actually came together and decided to write the recipe for the community into a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together like one organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved , and they took more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't make information in community .
These are neural structures .
The neurons that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures for record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learning not to eat some fruit because he knew bad , and got sick the last time he ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had been built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that piece of fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system build those information structures that was hugely accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual .
It could happen in time you need to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version that we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in the head .
I 'm sitting here sitting right here , and I 'm lucky , by building a similar , vague , vague idea , in their heads that holds some analogy to me .
But we take something very complicated to make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
We 're now going through similar periods for the multicellular organisms ; we 've devised our record methods , presentation and information processing and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we 've built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You 've seen the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> that produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that was telling them took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system , and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The following , the language so on , took less than a million years .
And the following , like electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process goes into it ; I guess that <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates their own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is self-fulfilling .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that jobs would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor does on that machine of connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't before , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these instructions at random , running all of those programs , and take those things that are more than what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to setting up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that actually did the task ?
They 're going to get those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to show you the ones that we best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a process of analogous to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs that we 'll have kids , that <unk> <unk> , and that the kids will make the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please do the process . ''
<unk> again .
So we had some mutations .
And it 's trying again to get it to another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated , very few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that are telling us absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
These are dark shows , strangers .
But they kept doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the security of the target , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on doing it .
Once you go in a 747 with Marvin Minsky 's mind , you take a card and say , `` Look at this .
It says , `` Clean aircraft has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer sure . ' Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make very different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole options there .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs a lot faster .
So it 's self-fulfilling .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all these technologies feed itself .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we are creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our thinking that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now it comes lunch and I think I 'll stop here before I got stuck .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I have long enough long enough to allow me to give up a little bit of my false prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , we 're coming up with the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's to go out , `` <unk> rules '' -- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you are .
It 's called average by <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat , three times 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being trapped , and that anyone who tries to throw it out at the first base , does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts for 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> of 300 in the Big League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> baseball pot ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 strokes , and it gets four .
<unk> -- like Senator Ted Williams , the last gamer at the League Major of <unk> in running more <unk> on a regular season .
Now I 'm going to get this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you about today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon that has also a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a loved one has two broken coronary arteries , and their family physician comes to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's improving this year .
And its hits , and their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I will ask you .
What do you believe that you should be the average of a hits of a heart surgeon or prosthetic , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the whole medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical doctor .
What we do , however , is sending me into the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
I never , ever make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was looking at when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> , <unk> student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test .
Perhaps .
<unk> in my little <unk> in the General Toronto residence in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
Of my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the normal differential diagnosis and the usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis of how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge , more knowledge .
And I was very good ; I graduated with those .
And I went back from the school of medicine with the impression that if you 're going to play everything , then you would know everything , or as possible as you can , close to everything , because I 'm getting rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident at a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service , where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to cardiac service .
And when we requested a cardiologist to go to that patient .
And I report the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , <unk> lady , I was crushed .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when I was <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which I declared a heart heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , the blood goes into your lungs , and so there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment I would give .
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart .
And I gave him a <unk> , <unk> pills , so that he could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
Actually , I made two more mistakes .
He sent him home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and he was calling him with him to look .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to be able to give up information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who would pay attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
He did n't pay attention to a voice on my inner voice that he said , `` Goldman , not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so unsafe that until I asked the nurse , I was taking my lunch lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said very <unk> , `` Yes , I think it 's going to be well . ''
I remember that as it was yesterday .
So he signed up the high , and the ambulance with the <unk> had taken her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
I kept on my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital , and I walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that moment , I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency emergency service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of Mrs. <unk> before , but he told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists fear it as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patient 's patients .
The three words are : you remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour when he got to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and her family called 911 ; the <unk> brought them into emergencies with a blood pressure in 50 centimeters , which means a shock of severe .
I just breathe , and I was blue .
The emergency staff will take all their resources .
They gave up medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was a <unk> and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and waiting for every hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was pretty obvious that we never ever got .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , you would get into what was happening .
And by the ninth day , they let her go . Mrs. <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say that they never forget the names of the dying .
That was my first experience .
The next couple of weeks , I was staying for it and experienced for the first time , shame that exists in our medical culture , and I sat alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame , because you ca n't hold your colleagues .
You make peace and never even make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to put things out and made sure I did n't get rid of it .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why did I made a mistake that made a mistake ?
Why chose medicine ?
Little by little bit that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I 'd feel better .
And I made a deal with myself in which if I gave up the efforts to be perfect so I do n't make more mistakes , I would stop those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was teaching myself in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain on the throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I watched her throat , he was a little bit like <unk> .
I took him penicillin and sent him back home .
But while he ran the door to the door , he kept pointing out .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard shift , my boss asked me to talk to me with me with me with me .
And I made the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain on the throat ?
So he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look at Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but it 's going to lead to the top of those tracks .
He , fortunately , he did n't get away .
You 've managed to get antibiotics for it , and you recovered back the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I was relieved and went back to work , until it happened over and over again , and again .
Twice in the same emergency turn of emergency room , you do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a lot of effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were invited to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculus .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it was normal , a colleague that I was checking out to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with diarrhea .
I read the liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I would look at it .
I checked , and when you saw some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated on and they recovered well .
But each case <unk> me , I would go .
But I 'd like to tell you I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been for the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and not support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't get you and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think of me .
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital was the wrong leg , believe it would have a little bit of a struggle to look at it .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : the ones that make mistakes and not -- those who ca n't sleep and those who do n't sleep with the ones that have a very great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , as antibodies that starts to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we 'll get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and journalism , I 've done a personal survey of malpractice medical research and medical errors , I 've been able to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day , where one in 10 or 10 drugs happen in the hospital are wrong , or that 's not right . In a system where the <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian Canadian failures are preventable for preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medicine Institute built 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not telling the problem as we should .
And so are things .
A hospital system where knowledge will multiply every two or three years , and we did n't get rid of it .
<unk> deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain with pain .
Now , let 's take to the same patient with a chest pain , and he comes through <unk> eyes and breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story came from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars ; they did n't kill their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professionals who are prone to error , well , you wo n't get one .
And what about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> <unk> , '' `` black <unk> , '' `` this is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the <unk> to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , blah blah blah blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they <unk> the microphone towards them .
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The doctor is redefined human , human knows human , accepts it , accepts their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
To make the mistakes of other people not with the intention of access , but in a loving and support way for everyone to benefit .
And he works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes in the time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a theoretical doctor .
I am human , make mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm so hard to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
You know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
So recently , I did a survey for over 2,000 people and the average number of election that says to pick up an average American , about 70 a day .
Not a lot ago , in an investigation of a week to a group of CEOs .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs and the time that we were trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we 're going to have <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job with a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or so .
Only 12 percent required for an hour or more of their time .
Now think about their choices .
You know how many they belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many about an hour ?
How about the way that those decisions are driving ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing the overload of choice .
I want to talk about the problem and in some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive for you , please take a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the overload of the overload of choice ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this <unk> supermarket , at least at least at that time was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we were taking water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked , why do n't I buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that were coming from millennials .
Once I decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy work well to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists coming up every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
So hall .
They had <unk> different classes .
<unk> a post for <unk> , right at the front store .
We put it out there six flavors , or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop being tested ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a mug .
So here we found the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Of the ones that stopped when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If you do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six , if they were 24 .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy jelly . We 'll probably want to do it , <unk> less good to conserve , but it turns out that the overload of the overload of choice affects us in good decisions .
We decided to do not decide , even though this is not appropriate to us .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I made with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we look at decisions in retirement for about a million Americans , from about a million plans of this country .
We were interested in to see if the number of money loans available in retirement savings plans , 401 program , let people save for the future .
And we found that there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger one was the number of funding , there was less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , you see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you would like .
And in the plans that we offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation declined to the '60s .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the higher the number of choices , the more people will be able to avoid stocks or hedge funds .
In terms of the more options , they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were going to do to optimize future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences by providing more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing to do is that you would make the decision , which is even though it goes against your self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up more satisfying things , even though they 're objectively going better .
The main reason is that you 're going to be able to look at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations for compare , contrast and choice of that breathtaking exhibition .
Today I want to tell you four simple techniques we 've tried , in a way or another , in different research , so you can try to test in your business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , less than today .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually , what we 're looking at increasingly is that if you decide to cut , get rid of any strange redundant options , there will be a spike in sales , we 'll increase the costs , there 's a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head : <unk> at 15 , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Red Gate corporation removed the products of <unk> , which was less sold , increased by 87 percent , for two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know that today 's supermarkets , you have 45,000 products .
In a grocery store , you have a 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce on can .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle better the choices is the question of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a safe background of life .
They really want to choose , they 're offered 20 funding , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell them the differences that are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't differentiate , you can not make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a holiday for the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to take a applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Very few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Do n't they be more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really wanted to hear more hands .
All right .
You actually had more information on the first round , which in the second , but I can tell you that you thought the second time it was more real .
Because the images were making it more real .
This leads me to the second technique to handle the overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why does people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit cards that when you use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> <unk> , who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were being addressed to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , that 's just just to save the way you used to , we did a little addition .
What we added is that we appeal to the staff who would think about the positive things that we would think about their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent journals and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we made in a aisle of magazines .
We saw that in <unk> 's supermarkets , the length of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two pieces of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll take a pat .
( Applause ends ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll take a pat .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This <unk> scheme is completely useless .
The categories must tell you something you choose , not that defines them .
You often look at this problem with these huge funds .
Who are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can drive a lot more information than we think , if we just zoom in a little bit .
We have to augment complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated thing -- buy a car .
This is a German car maker that allows us to completely <unk> .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each of them .
<unk> , the outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor : Lots of changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is vary the order that make decisions .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , to 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're going to always get the default button in any decision , it indicates you 're overwhelmed , or you 're not losing it .
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few , put the button over and over again , and another one .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices , you continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order of which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Even though the choice of changes does n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , in all ways we make it for choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
So , to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the overload of choice -- choice : <unk> , you know , if you 're going to be able to make it real ; you 're going to make it real ; you 're going to drive , you can drive more categories with fewer choices ; you 're pushing complexity .
All of these techniques that I showed you were designed to help manage the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them on your own issues , or for people who serve .
It is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when I choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , the communist Germany , in communist Germany , if you had a writing machine , I had to speak to the government .
He had to record a sheet of text for a machine .
And this for the government to track the origin of texts .
If they found a word with the wrong message they could track the footprint into the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't conceive that someone could do this , so much that this will be able to write the freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print it a page , that page would end up having a little yellow dot on each page that follows a pattern that makes you own and your printer .
That 's what 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to be aware of this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what 's happening in the online world , we can put together the attacks of their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , Ukraine .
The skin 's mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , who gave money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred <unk> .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they make it for illegal means by banking horses to steal money from our bills when we buy online ; or steal our passwords to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this bill had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen frozen .
Mr. Jain 's up ; you know its stop .
And I say today is more likely that any of us will be a victim of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong .
In the future , most of the crimes happen online .
The second group of attackers that we see today is not really motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , motivating the protests , motivating them , are motivating people .
Now , groups like Anonymous have <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a major role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main attackers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that they make in protest and the last group are the national states that attack the last group .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an authoritative authority from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> broke the last fall because of a <unk> .
It <unk> the security of the site and 250 <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders , if they found out considering the death of people , because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from an attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> .
What 's the certificates ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , services <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except for a <unk> authority authority .
It 's <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were doing the headquarters for the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April , 2011 , and during the healthiest of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder was notes from a company based on Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a large scale the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , only a couple of weeks ago was found <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're <unk> in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like the <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to make them look at all the communication , and listen to arguments online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this , the obvious answer should be `` Well , it looks bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why did I worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom to control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to have today , to be forever .
Do you blindly blindly at any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that must be worried about in the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi has no roads in the majority of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate to freely outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
We had our livestock .
This is one that they killed at night , and so soon we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt very badly because it was the only bull ever bull .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for us , and why we value it so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
They died , they 're warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions they killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi Park .
A child in my community , six to the age of nine , is responsible for the cattle of his father , and this was the same thing as to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because even she was helping lions to see the pen .
I did n't give up . He goes .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions to believe that I was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he went and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found out that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch to fire and off the lights .
And this is a little broken <unk> lamp .
Let 's get it all .
As you can see , the solar cell picks up the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity to the little <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box causes the lights on .
As you can see , the <unk> go out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how they see lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking around the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got problems with lions .
And the neighborhood houses , you heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals by the lions and asked if he could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed in seven homes in my community and are serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators as hyenas , leopards , and it 's also using to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise money and <unk> .
It even took my friends to my community and we set up lights in the houses that do n't have , and I show them how to put them in .
So a year ago , I was just a kid on the savanna meadows of the savanna cows , and I used to see planes flying , and he said that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in a plane for the first time .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer from aviation and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving my dad 's cows and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like you .
So you get a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a fence . CA : A close to power ?
<unk> : I know that electric fences were invented , but I want to make mine .
CA : You know it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : Back in the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to <unk> in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we would come up all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan are enemies .
Although I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would happen all of my life in North Korea , until everything changed a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never gone hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
And he said , `` When you go to this , the five members of the family will stop being in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're bound together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
I was really altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
While I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child in her arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
An enormous famine gave rise to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only a few survived eating grass , insects and skin cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent , the energy cuts , all of my surrounding dark , except for the sea lights in China , just across the river from my home .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a North Korean satellite picture at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the river River , which is the default between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to cross .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came from North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life is like refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police station , and I 'm going to be arrested at the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , so I would hold my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it was n't natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a officer told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum in foreign embassies .
But many may be arrested by the Chinese and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they were captured , they were eventually released after an enormous international pressure .
These North Koreans were so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Even though I was lucky to escape , many of North Koreans have been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , all of your world can be <unk> in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I 've decided to be a journalist going to South Korea .
I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with my pride .
Even though I went to life in South Korea was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the income exam at the University .
Just as I started to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities took a little bit of money that I sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to a location , remote outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked me into the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , in some way , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went down a number of times .
Once , our bus was stopped and approached by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody , and started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse , stood up and said that they were people who were accompanying them .
He looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way up to the Laos border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the <unk> border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Laos capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for me to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in the middle of the embassy of South Korean embassy .
I was and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or a man 's voice , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans .
I thank him with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why does it help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of stranger would have a new hope for me and for the people who we needed , when we needed it .
And it showed me that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people needs .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I came together in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little or nothing .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , work hands-on .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue to contact with family inside , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure that you 're going to see more and North North Koreans all over the world , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live at the South Center .
This is South <unk> : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the planners of the city gathered together and they thought , we 're going to change the South Center name for it to represent something else , so they switched to the South Angeles , as if this is <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles , South Angeles , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> million other Americans live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , the South Angeles , home to food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than , say , Beverly Hills , it 's like 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go out of your house , you see the bad effects that the food system has in your neighborhood ?
I saw wheelchair bought and sold as a car that 's used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes on the back to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a forest forest in front of my house .
In a <unk> of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 , x feet .
The point is , that belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it out .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group in advance of all of the backgrounds , from all the city and completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city looked at me and I had a <unk> saying I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made order .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food on a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times was written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were a success .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called me to say that they would go and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space for planting million tomato plants .
Why on earth do n't you look good at this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my anthem , when I tell people , growing your own food .
You know your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . I 'm going to get my kids out there .
I was reminded to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Like a graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you leave your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool , a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , that came a mother and her daughter , were like the houses at night , and they were in my yard , I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame in seeing people who was so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't know people who are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's what it is on the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to get your health care . ''
There was another occasion when I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , and they shared his stories about how this had caught up and how they used to plant with his mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant , maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all on voluntary plan .
If kids grow <unk> , boys will eat snuck .
If you 're growing tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught you , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and body , they eat blind what they put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're trapped . I see color guys who are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting away from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you get the next George Washington , <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to wear a containers to turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to start working with people on the street , to take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the honor of growing their own food , by opening farmers of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what is a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
That 's what you want to take your disagree with ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I wo n't be called if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some shit .
If you want to see me , you will come into the garden with your loader so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> <unk> ) You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road .
There 's asphalt , and asphalt is a good material for driving , but not always , especially in days like today , where it rains .
You can have a lot of water in asphalt in asphalt .
And especially if you 're set up in your bike , and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can go through it , so that all the water of rain will flow into the side and you will have a road , which is easy to drive , and do n't pay water again .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is it going to get rid of ? Look at this road , stone rocks come out .
First of all , a stone , then several more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can hurt your windshields , you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create potholes .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can turn into a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see what damage is on this material .
It 's an porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , they 're <unk> , and if they were <unk> , they 'll be able to get away from <unk> .
So if you drive on the road , you will get the <unk> -- like we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this stuff up , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , of that to clean up , and we can cut out the wool of steel in very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of wool in steel in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is you heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and the stones will merge back to the surface .
I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave system is a similar system .
I put the show that I 'm going to take away to see what happened .
This is the show you 're coming out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there , and then the government actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So we gave us a piece of road , 400 meters of the highway <unk> , where we had to make a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road on the road , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about .
We took a lot of samples of this road and we tested them in the lab .
We 've got the samples , we 've got a lot of charge in them , then we tried to get a lot of charge into our induction machine and we tried them to test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using induction energy to actually , actually increase the life of the road , actually , you can even double the life of the surface , you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this worked .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
And actually , you have to cool it first before I can show you how repair it acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual in those times , because the news is generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban went up ! '' I screamed .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban stood up in Afghanistan and they made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was reminded as a child to get my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could tell them .
Every day , we would take a different route so that nobody could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we 're going to make our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school suddenly closed a week , because the Taliban would suspect .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters of a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan : <unk> that her daughter , my mother , were going to school , and so his father did it .
But my mom , my mom became a teacher .
This is her .
She was leaving two years ago , just to turn our house at school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk on not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there was moments when I was very frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , me , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house for a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay for your education , we 'll do it .
So you still want not to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I 'm proud to graduate from college at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from his home for the courage to educate his daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just getting away from my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and he took it through the streets of Kabul .
My family thinks in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even more big dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
This is why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> by them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went out of the way from <unk> to her village , and literally being thrown out of being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , you 're the phone , a voice , you warned him that if I was sending her daughter to school , they would start to try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but not harm the future of my daughter for her old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been aware of Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind the people who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school count in hundreds -- remember , was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these transformations do n't last long , after the retreat from U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents that I 'm going to take for them , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities , and every day , girls ' girls remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten my words of my grandmother who died in exile -- `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . Get him against him . ''
But you never go back a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution was inspired by the surge of massive <unk> revolution both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian .
One forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the forefront , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying banners , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a sense of a copy of a copy of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war and a few loss of losses , we managed to release our country and remove the tyrant .
But Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , culture and moral structure of <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've loved , next to many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing a inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the housework of women , and leaders , a very diverse woman , leaders , very diverse <unk> , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of women and for our right to be equal to the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , that will self-assemble from selfish and exclusion policies .
Over time , our initiative were approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the early election in 52 years .
However , little bit , the exhilaration of elections and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news news .
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient mosques of ancient mosques and graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American Ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we wake up with the news of the police murder .
And every day , every day we wake up with the militias government and their currents violations of human rights for prisoners and their lack of respect for law .
Our society , shaped by a revolutionary mindset , became more <unk> , and it 's gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
<unk> , exclusion , <unk> and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all today to inspire them with our success story of the <unk> list and the elections .
So I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The list of <unk> and <unk> between candidates and candidates brought in peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish and exclusion policy , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus that we needed the choices , which is only changing polarization and division .
Our nation needs the scientific representation of the female 's women who needs the numerical representation and quantitative performance of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , that not only <unk> , but it 's also putting mercy in place for mercy , the collaboration instead of the competition , being inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , torn apart by war , desperately desperately needs to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and male male .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in the <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran <unk> -- the peace -- `` it 's the word of God mercy , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- , <unk> the feminine and motherly , which goes to the entire humanity that men and women , which all the tribes and all the people have been <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , that grows in , the divine matrix of compassion is <unk> all of the existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy is for all things . ''
This is what we say , `` My mercy is <unk> over my anger . ''
That they are <unk> the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is they all do always , why she 's left ?
Why would anyone stay with a man who sticks with him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , not an expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> green <unk> , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who creates my twin soul , was going down to the head with a gun , <unk> bullets .
The man , whom I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and he threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love '' -- a psychological trap , of love , where every year of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies on the list 500 & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 'm nearly 20 years old with my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I lead a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can go to anybody , all races , all the religions , all the levels of income and education levels .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a women 's problem .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and <unk> , or , in the families , the last place where we would want or we would expect to find violence -- why , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that sticks with , and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for partners , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night night .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and I started to <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he also had been <unk> from a university university , and he worked at a very important bank of Wall Street .
But the thing that struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed a guy in the field .
He had a little bit of big <unk> as apples , and a wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything of me : it was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who would put passion in helping teenagers , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
I believed in me as a writer , as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And that was why the Bachelor 's worth of that Big school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any human violence relationship is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I also did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was to go out from New York and leaving the work of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I quit my job , and I went off and left together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling on a `` crazy love , '' which was entering head into a physical and financial trap carefully engineered .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where you 're supposed to be so sure you 'd bought three guns .
I had one in the car <unk> .
Another one kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived in small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and , although I had never raised my hand , my life was already seriously danger , every minute every day .
The first <unk> physical attack happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the previous 10 bruises from my neck had disappeared , I put the girlfriend suit from my mother and married him .
Even though I had happened , I was confident that we lived happy forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very timely .
It was just very overwhelmed by the wedding and because of a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never make harm .
I spent two times more on our moon of honey .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost me , and he gave me so strong in the head that I 'd run several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back on our moon of honey , I 'm blown away by traffic , threw me a Big Mac cold Mac to the face .
<unk> kept going to be done or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
And so I wondered when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control has reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
To go back to my question : Why was it left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help to cope with their demons .
The other question that everybody does is , why do n't we just move ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , victims , we know something that you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence are happening after the victim has been finally given to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family judicial system to address the victim and their children , who usually are forced by judges to spend time with the man who beat their mother .
And yet we keep asking why it just does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat , beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , I would have killed him if he would have allowed him .
So I broke the silence .
I told it all over the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you have helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as a scary headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` The fault is his for staying , '' as if the victims <unk> <unk> in love of men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Fool '' -- I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and that they would learn a lesson from what happened to them , and that they will define their lives joyful and happy how they staff , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I went marrying a <unk> , nice man , and we have those three children .
I have this black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What 's not going to come back to ever have , ever , is an charged gun pointing to my head on someone who says he wants me .
Right now , I 'm just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was ! '' or `` <unk> , '' but all this time I 've been talking about .
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused right now , and they 're being abused , or they were from small or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> abuse only in silence .
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it .
We need victims all the way around the world .
We need each of you understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse in the light by talking about it with your children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They put their view of survivors as fantastic , wonderful people , who have a full future .
Let 's find out the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climbing and show the victims , a safe output .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call it Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm model .
To be accurate , for about 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room , because I should n't have dressed myself , luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky about <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I came up , they do n't have to do it now , but he will find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everyone has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater out of the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so I do n't do anything while you cover my head .
All right .
Why did I have done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer said to me that I would hold my back , and I would get my hair to my kid 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial <unk> , like the one I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little we can do to transform our appearance , which , although <unk> and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to be brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my working sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but somehow sincere .
The first question is , how do you get model ?
And I always say , a <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason why I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have n't just defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape of <unk> and white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to use to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who now are skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers say -- wait . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , we would encourage them to know about models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York told all of us and every one of the models on the runway , and of the <unk> models that were hired , only 27 , is , were n't white .
The next question that people always do is , could it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't know .
But then , what I would really tell you every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be anything .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> pack of and a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this dramatic list , they still insist on , no , no , no , no , I want to be a model , then I 'm telling you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the front chief of the American American journal , or the H & M director , or the next Steven <unk> director .
To say that you want to be a model that you want to win when you want to win the lottery .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Sadly , once you 've done your studies , you have a rsum , and you have some work on your back , no matter what you say , namely , if you say you say that you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` underwear of underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people would always do is if all the pictures were stuck .
And yes , it 's pretty much going to take all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a little girl .
This is what it looked like next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of the <unk> and the people of <unk> and forgive me , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , `` Did you take free things ? ''
I have too much heel of 20 inches and I never use , except the previous couple of them , but the privilege I get that are the ones I get in the real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a tent and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the <unk> .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver ; he jumped a red light and , of course , stood , and it took a sorry , I 'm able to keep driving .
I love this privilege for me , not what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for what they look like , no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of <unk> teenagers , whom they were left and checked , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only <unk> young black people in New York City , so for them , it 's not a matter of <unk> me ?
But how many times do I get away ? And when ?
When I did research for this talk , I found out that the 53 percent of the girls in 13 in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure takes up to 78 percent .
So the last question that people do is , what is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the brighter hair , you 'll feel very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe that looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing to work with creative , clever , passionate people .
And all that 's true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is , I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you 're ever asked , with thinner legs , hair and hair , will be happier ?
They just have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the hair 's hair and clothes , but they 're probably the <unk> women of the planet .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest <unk> .
If there 's something that will retain from this talk , I hope that everyone 's more comfortable with the power of the image of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to hold a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't know the one .
There were no artistic directors , no artistic directors , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a very small very very very very very small bit of care .
In fact , most of them took them out of random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
So , it happened that we went back to New York City , so we decided we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When the third birthday of my daughter was coming to me , my wife said , `` Why do n't you take me to New York on a <unk> trip and you follow the ritual ? ''
This is when we started to ask for the tourists that were going to take us off .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one 's been denied and , fortunately , never anybody has ever met with the camera .
By then , we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is from a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old could understand .
These pictures are much more than a specific moment , or a specific journey of a specific journey .
They 're also a way of stopping time in a October week , and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just a physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we always took the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches into new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we 're hoping for all the year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , when all of a sudden , he stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> from the dollhouse shop , which I loved from a small person in previous visits .
And he described to me what had felt like the five years of standing in that same place .
<unk> that he reminded his heart to be forced to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York City , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I did n't go out of a lot of family photos .
I 'm always the one .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you would n't let them go up to somebody and ask them , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of bird in the world .
The rabbits are in the most threatened group .
First of all , why do you have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter , <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you get applause , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament are not clean in the environment , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There are the rabbits of the New World that are mainly found in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and Old World 's rabbits , where we have 16 species -- of these 16 , 11 are facing a high risk of extinction .
So , why are vultures important ? First , they provide life services . <unk> .
It 's our gatherers of natural garbage .
Let 's get dead bodies up to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax than they were not going to be by them and causing great losses to cattle and diseases in other animals .
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no rabbits , the carcasses are taken from three to four times more time to be broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
Bacteria also have a huge amount of historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity , and , along with the king cobra , I 'm going to kick the unit between the High and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , they 're very important , at the open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or timber for <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are in extreme endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there is conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey out of livestock , which has been treated with a drug called <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India , and they 've taken a position .
Now , since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of local dogs in town in landfills , and when you have street dogs , you have a huge time bomb to rage . The number of cases of rage has increased in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above the Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this for birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In West Africa , there 's an awful trade from dead rabbits to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine your basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel across different countries , so you can focus on a local problem , it 's not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government , and you can tell them we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they will take their time to spread the word . We 'll make the word .
When you get out of this room , you 'll tell them about vultures , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort , without energy spending in the skies .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and all that I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
Since 1977 to 1977 , but I 'm no longer . He worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast and Algeria and Somalia , in medical cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead of that , everything we played with is <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where a few Italians , we decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down into the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes and squash tomatoes and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to encourage them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't go and work , and we were amazed that the local , in such fertile valley , they had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible to do nothing , we just said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Right to time to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato tomato would grow up to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight in the morning , about 200 <unk> came up from the river and ate everything , and we said to <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You know . ''
I thought only the Italians would make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans did , what they did the English , what they were doing the French , and after watching what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed <unk> .
You would see the waste -- we would see the waste that we 're going to encourage them to <unk> people from Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Free '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused .
Just read your book .
It was part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are mush , missionaries 's missionaries , and we treat people only in two ways : or we steal them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin self `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as my children were , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as my servants were .
So the white ones in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground , and he said , `` Can we imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided for 27 years only to answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you 've never starting anything , you will never start anything , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what do you do ? You get away .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in your locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is the passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we helped find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of reaching a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard it ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never eat , and they 'll never say , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what a chance they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they 're not attending their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work in face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family doctor of the business , who lies with you in their house , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to make a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage where we came to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
And I 'm up and I heard it . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done this in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 business .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisors in history , passed away to '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before they get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the business spirit .
So now we 're doing <unk> Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk to you .
You have to offer them all of them , privacy , it has to be great when you help them , and then you 're going to roll it out , you 're going to come .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show me , you 've got more this morning ?
So , local local people , that 's what you 've got .
So what I 'm telling you is that the spirit spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution , not renewable , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we heal , heal , we 're educating , we 're communicating to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's not the technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ?
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860 .
And in the year 1860 , this group of people gathered together , and we would argue about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve , and they pointed out , if the population is kept growing up at this rate , to move the population of New York around , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung , so in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that <unk> the life of New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States there was <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
So the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them all of them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk to you .
Then , you have to offer an absolute , dedicated <unk> <unk> .
And , later , you will have to tell the truth about how to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to count on a great financial management .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can be done , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 companies that was icons of Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of them got started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in <unk> in bars with their dedicated cohorts who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who 's talking about you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? You can do it ?
Well , you can sell it ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't change a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
So these projects came from questions like : How much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we serve and borrow more things without calling the door for a bad moment ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our own landscape ?
How do we share more than our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak oak , which give the shadow to lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
That always <unk> music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most abandoned properties of America .
I live close to this house and I thought about how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this produced a profound gratitude for the time , and this produced me .
It led to the significant things of my current life today .
But I would argue to keep this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be catching up the day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends , I transformed the wall of this left house on a giant board , and he painted on her phrases like he was , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , if you could remove a chalk , reflect on your lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with me and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged <unk> . '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to take it again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope for people to get me laughing out loud , <unk> me , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about giving sense to accommodate reflection and contemplation , and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and we changed .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Argentina and beyond .
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express each other and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to keep your perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that it 's going to prepare for death is one of those things that will become more power .
And if you think about death , we 're going to think about it .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as community and more means to share hope , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but I 'm sending joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
All of it shares what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice in this : never lied .
When the songs of our childhood songs , trying to speak words that I did n't even remember myself , I remember one thing : how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing to be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when I came out every single songs of my iPod , conversations that we had when I was four , her pee in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and Lady Gaga birthday .
Does n't you find it amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normality , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what it pushed my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although you do n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that it 's so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , you will be diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that are faster in the world , there 's no cause of any known cure .
I do n't know my first meeting with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was so excited to have a new self in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and it was in his own world , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between half .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences became more evident .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child that saw the world without prejudice , a human being I 'd never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some tough times in my family , moments when I would have wanted them to be just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that these are things that I would n't want to change .
The normal happens to the beauty that give us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of you are wrong .
It just means there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could gather one thing to you , and I would get to Sam and you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each one of us has a gift inside , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate potential sacrifice .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time when we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what must have been to be Alice in the Golden Age .
Penn State asked me , a communications professor , to give me a kind of communication to students of engineering .
I was scared . It 's true . It 's true of these students with their big minds , their big books and their big words and unknown words .
But when those conversations are , I felt what Alicia must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to healthcare and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as scientists as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers do n't invite us to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> them .
I want to share some suggestions on how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just that they study <unk> , but they study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , very carefully in the jargon .
The jargon is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time '' that is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're the way to hook and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting your job , forget the signs of `` bullet . ''
Have you asked why they call `` bullets ? '' What they do ? The bullets kill , and they 're going to kill their presentation .
A little bit like this is not just boring , but it gets too boring in the language of our brain and forgive us .
Instead , this example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple quote , legible , that public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you 'll provide graphs that we 're going to encourage our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , for all the media , let 's get rid of it . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds pretty good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political politician . ''
There was a Balinese publisher in the 19th century who defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for public charge , no matter party , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera .
And all this was because of the courage of a guy with the unusual name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
They put him on the Tower of London and was incarcerated , but he had the enough courage to deal with them , and at the end , he had such a popular supporter in London .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of recorded the phrase `` <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of a freedom of freedom of speech .
But to really show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
All sorts of suggestions were introduced by all kinds of suggestions .
Some people wanted to call it `` Chief of State Washington , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other people , `` <unk> of the U.S. People 's <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call `` King . ''
They thought it was tested .
And I did n't even know that they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a given term .
And it could have served .
Everybody got tired , because this debate was stuck for three weeks .
I read the newspaper from a poor senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want us to Washington in Washington .
They did n't want to call him King if she was giving him or his successor to his ideas .
So , they wanted to give the most modest title , more pathetic , and it came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only before , but it only meant `` somebody who will take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> , and government fractions , but it was really a negligible title .
And so the Senate is stuck .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who 's going to take to a really ridiculous , insignificant title like `` President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give up .
We can learn three interesting things from all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been considered to be the `` president of President . ''
President Barack Obama is lucky to go on there waiting for the Senate to action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible for us to keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the `` President of America does n't sound so modest today , right ? ''
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy of the world and a <unk> fleet of vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have endowed with the title of <unk> .
So , at the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of the singularity -- well , it was a singularity .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when I 'm going to tell you they 're now the president of the United States .
And I think that 's the big lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , the reality changes much more than the words that these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones were played with primitive tools .
As others , I 'm wearing a cheap light lantern attached to the head with this rubber elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground .
And so I ran my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met before , who lost control and dropped <unk> feet into that well .
While I talk to you today , these guys are deep in that hole at risk of their lives without paying lives , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and went home , but they might never do it , because they 're prey from slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries on six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver of Vancouver .
Among all the amazing people I met there I met , I met a <unk> of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who 's been doing this modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and actually , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not such a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I was very bad -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this terrible one of our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a stomach , my stomach , weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> , and offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 've been in many of these sites .
Some of them , even I considered my second home .
But this time , we 'd kick the dirty dirty .
A conservative calculation says that there 's more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced in all of the <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave a farmer was about three times a year 's annual salary worker .
The equivalent of about $ 50,000 today .
However , today you can enslave entire families for generations to $ 18 dollars for $ 18 .
Remarkably , slavery generates over a $ 13,000 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been <unk> by a lot of good education , and better work to find that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Now people today operate in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
The slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal in the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This strange , formidable show was like entering ancient Egypt or Dante 's hell .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up in a heavy overcoat of <unk> separating in their heads , until 18 at the same time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
They got up by drudgery and tiredness work in silence , doing this task again and over 16 hours a day .
There were no stop to eat , no for drinking , and the severe <unk> made it even pretty inconsequential .
And so <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot by touch and stopped .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to stand up and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people .
Back to the oven I wanted to cry , but the <unk> who was next to me quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just to me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizen from that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on the <unk> , and work inside the system for his release and trusted it that they did .
As soon as I waited to get home to feel my heart tab .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging rocks for miles a mile on mountain land to waiting down .
Those big things were heavier than the kids that were carrying and the kids holding their heads with homemade straps made from sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they 're working 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been his entire life .
They have nothing with what to compare .
When they villagers , they <unk> their freedom , they burned down they have completely burned their houses .
When you hear the word slavery , we often think about sexual trafficking and because of this global awareness , they advised me to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In a nutshell , I became women who had previously been sexual slavery .
They took me on a <unk> ladders that gave this dirty basement , faint light light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private people , where people would teach them with their girls and children , a few of just seven -- are forced to entertain the clients and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol .
Each position is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a curtain and a curtain .
<unk> often suffer sexual abuse in their hands .
On the workplace , I remember having a sense of <unk> fear , and in that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be trapped in that hell .
I only had an exit : the stairs where I went into .
There was no doors back .
There were n't big enough windows to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch this very difficult issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual traffic , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often relate to slave labor .
I went to Indian villages in which there were whole families made into the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to the elbows , but it is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can get out of this house someday and go to another place where you really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 kids to join in the Volta 's lake , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we came up , I went to look fast .
I saw what seemed like a <unk> family in a boat , two older kids , a young child , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their families who were trafficked and they 're forced and forced to work extensive <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shaking , which is a little canoe out of it .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
<unk> trees in the trees plunged into Lake Volta often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , got to the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drowned .
Ever since remember , it 's always been forced to work on the lake .
By fear of her love is not going to run away , and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , they <unk> the slaves younger in their command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they were staring at the last couple of networks , but they had been working on the top .
In the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks are weighing over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life ?
They took a road in Ghana with a <unk> partners in <unk> the <unk> , a <unk> partner with their bike suddenly sped up and <unk> our car and touched the window .
They asked us to spread it through a road to the forest .
At the end of the road , we were getting ready to get out of the car , and asked the driver to come out very quickly .
And then he pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the road . Go . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that we pull the road , and after walking around an hour , we found that the road was happening by the recent rains , so I put the photos of my head as you 're going to put it in these waters to the chest .
After two hours on walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a course , and we had a mass of holes that fit into a football field , and everybody was full of workers enslaved .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked in the waters that are poison with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well elsewhere in Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were embedded in their own sweat .
I remember looking at her eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells are up to 90 feet , and these people have carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported into another area where they will make the stone to get the gold out .
To the first view , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but if we look closer at the ground , we see to work at other less lucky and also kids .
They are all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of TB , and for mercury over a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle took him to work with him in mines .
By dying of your uncle , <unk> inherit the debt of the uncle that would force him to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I 'd been working in the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors said it should be a person .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams with being released and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a face of determination to a remote possibility , which I 'm inspired by .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world .
I wanted them to know that we 're going to give us testimony to them , and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like the slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're from people , real people like you and me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is n't a day that happens that I do n't think of these so many beautiful people , abused , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force will turn into a fire and that fire light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make management math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and tell you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were pushing the ballet virtuous and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand is a degree of extraordinary training , a high skill level and probably some initial skill that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease 's disease gradually this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> who , in his time , was a classic ballet dancer .
In the last few years , it has been done a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we can know if there is actually a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there is no biological markers , and that 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis , and the best we have is a <unk> neurological test .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that outside of the clinical trials , it 's never done . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do their test themselves ?
It would n't take personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
That 's why I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try , you see , in a certain sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend sponsored <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds , and we can imagine it as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires a level of extraordinary training .
Let 's think the time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's disease affects the limbs , it also affects vocal organs .
On the trace level , you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
Always shake vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and cared after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the <unk> clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive , both using existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Well , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're minimum cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a very low cost , it comes out on massive scale .
So these are some amazing targets to address .
We can reduce our patients ' difficulties .
I would n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> of routine .
With high-speed monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make a massive recruiting <unk> for clinical trials and , for the first time , doable doable in a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Any or without Parkinson 's or without Parkinson 's , you can call recordings for a quarter , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal within eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , will be able to say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to come from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not run it . You might not end it up .
But we 're going to get a very large data sample in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking for the factors of confusion to search for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has proven to work on the mobile phone network as well , what we 'll do with the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We 're dealing with the darkness , in windowless rooms , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We make thin <unk> models , the perfect skin , and we do n't know the impossible , possible skin , and people criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us really are artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were going on in Japan .
Soon , a long time later , an organization where it was voluntary , there was <unk> , it was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little <unk> town in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level hit over 24 feet tall and over three miles land .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We have the rubble of the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took the mud and we left the lists ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons of tons and tons of dead , smelly fish in the local factory .
We were laughing , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers and neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and pictures of photos and camera cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different parts of the villages around them for <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures made a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered .
While we were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of a village .
It helped clean the potluck bathrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the town where the center of recycling pick up the photos .
And there I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor of that day to be clear in my hands .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard of expression beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , some were still in the lab over the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night came into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started tweak the photos .
This was the first one .
I was n't too shy , but where the water had been <unk> the face of the girl , it had to make a <unk> with a lot of precision and it 's .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over the time of time , they got for more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so he went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people to join .
In July , in July , we take action to <unk> , a village north of <unk> .
Once a week , we used our scanner in the night libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that you took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could take weeks .
It could make months .
This <unk> had to draw almost by hand using as a guide to the areas whose color and detail the water had n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in seawater , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , and it 's all over the time with the time I continue to <unk> , so <unk> by hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak that picture unless it was clean , dry , and it would have been <unk> by his owner .
We had lucky with the cleanliness of hand .
We tell the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to damage the photos that are already damaged .
As he once said <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was kind of lucky to the photos .
He had started to <unk> her , but he stopped to realize that it would be even more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to break the images into a single photo and tweak the whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures shared some of their story with us .
Some colleagues of her husband found the photos on a department department between the rubble of a lot of the rubble of a lot of their house , but his colleagues recognized him .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the <unk> sounds off .
Their young kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I handed him his son was 14 to be 14 years old .
To her , despite all this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something he could go back to , something that he could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten by that day from March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined us in there several hundred of them helped us to clean up , and over 135 photographs , the vast majority of people went back to their own hands .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped give back to 90 hundred families and <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in the printers for printers .
We took photos constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , someone loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we 're going to try to look at .
This was the project , to restore the little pieces of humanity , to give back to someone in the past .
When a picture like this is given back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , give back something , using their talent for something that are n't going to be thin skin thin models .
I 'd like to end up I want to read this email . I sent him back the day I came back from Japan after six months .
In <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images .
One particular one , a picture with women from different ages , from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , moved it , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hang on our wall .
In the whole world , all the few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple on one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and seeing the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can make videos in slow motion in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can look at the corners of the corners of the corner , or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays , and challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it into it and put it into a <unk> of a second or it 's , in many ways , create a packet of <unk> photons just a millimeter wide .
And that pack of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of the light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola do n't make this research . They are a lot of things in this film ; we 've got this information to show this information to show you what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet 's going into the bottle with a packet of photons that starts to <unk> and that , inside , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light vanishing , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally arrive at the top and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble bubble running inside it .
In that time , the waves travel around the table , and because of the reflections of the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , which thoughts are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common bullet and a current bullet , and we 're doing the same distance , and we see it in a slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to sit in that film ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a year .
It would be a very boring film to motion in motion .
And what about testing the dead nature ?
You can see the waves that are thrown out of the table , the tomato , and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course our eyes see a comprehensive composition .
But if you look at this tomato tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light comes over the tomato , it 's still shining . It does n't fall dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe old and light bounces inside it , and it turns out , after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a photo at the low exhibition , it goes very little light .
But we 'll get a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I 'll just enter some light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly , we took those data gigabytes and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those data into crude raw data , and we can make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero would be allowed to see after the corners of the superhero ?
The idea is , we could just throw some light on the door .
That 's where we could extract those multiple light bounces .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a dummy bullet , and you put the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a tiny fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's really good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what extent it corresponds to a distance .
By projecting a laser can record a shot in raw , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take lots of images like this , dozens of images , we 'll try and analyze the multiple light bounces , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we look at it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We 've got things to explore this in the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what is around the curve .
Or we could look at survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected in open windows .
Or we could build <unk> that can be able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of <unk> in health of the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , became art in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualizations , but we can be able to do that .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves is just about a <unk> of a second .
But here it also happens to be a funny thing .
If we look at the ripples under the top , they 're moving from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we are recording almost at the speed of light , we have strangers . Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera .
We 're going to take a corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone you can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , and then you get it to become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
You can see here , how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gather that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in our pocket .
Who of presenting them have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , you 're going to go .
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . They almost all have a mobile phone .
But I 'm talking today about me , my mobile phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
Data in gross .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . Commission .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a wide range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who 's texting who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored by at least six months , and to two years , in your phone company , or your Internet provider .
And all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the carriers and the Internet providers to store all this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Whenever I use the mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which would give me all the information that you had about me .
I asked them one time , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all over blah .
But then I said , I want to have this information , because you 're <unk> my life .
And so I decided to bring up a lawsuit that 's because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not going to give you this information .
In the end , you would agree .
It would be the demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> tribunal failed the <unk> for German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly one in brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand kilometers of information .
I first saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life on this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retrieval of data means .
So , next to <unk> Online Online and Open Data Data , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go backwards and go ahead .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> into the <unk> , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First of all , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends and they call themselves .
And then you call the other , and the other one to the other , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who talks to who , who 's talking to who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in our pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this has never happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall , it may never have happened .
And so , as a result , either of the Iron Age .
Because today , the state agencies and companies want to store as much information as possible inside and outside of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But the self-determination and live in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for the self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that help you remember that you have to fight for the digital era .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me to the world .
I 'm going to give my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , and that 's why we 're doing all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
and Muhammad Al .
The P. C. It 's not genetic .
It 's not <unk> , and it can not contract .
No one 's my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were prime brothers , even though they are .
Just go through accidents , like the one that happened to be born .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
He feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they wanted to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas ones , are in the mall , drive into circles in search for parking and what you see ?
16 empty places to be disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have a 99 problem , and the P. C. D is just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , woman disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I am from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my illness had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` no . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You can do it ; you can dance to <unk> . ''
If my three more <unk> sisters , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents went to the school system , and they 'd become sure that I was also going to be , and if we would n't take all of the maximum note , we all get rid of my mother 's strength .
My father taught me to walk the five years putting my foot on his feet and just walking around .
Another tactic that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that he did it .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there was only six Arabic Arabic in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they continue to be all of the family . I think no one realized we were n't Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and that the politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as a slogan .
The people who grew up with no problem with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of <unk> to starve during the <unk> .
I would tell you that it had enough fat to live for three months without eating , so if you go from dawn at sunset it 's very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I was too .
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I was going to spend my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we 're going to <unk> in Madonna .
On the summer holiday often my father was trying to <unk> , so I was drinking milk in the deer , so I 'm drinking milk on my back , I 'd sit down at the Dead Sea , and I remember the water and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before you do yoga , it was a comedian 's comedian who could n't stand up [ <unk> ] .
And I can now stand in your head .
My parents gave this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital soap .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship to <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because I 'd come in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the homework tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo my teachers would be on .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a play called `` <unk> '' in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Eventually , I 'll have a role .
I have cerebral palsy .
In order , free ! At free .
Thanks to God almighty , at the end I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave it to him .
I went to <unk> running to the principal of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why and she told me that because they thought he could n't do the stunt stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors , no disability for disabled papers .
When I graduated from , I went home , and my first tour <unk> was kind of an extra thing in a soap .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` roommate '' to a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , I did n't see me more than the back of the back , and it was obvious to me that the <unk> directors do n't make <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
I 'll just take you to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour , I got famous stakeholders in New York City to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that he took when she fell at the realization that he was going high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty <unk> that says that women are not fun , and they find us really fun .
In 2003 , my brother of other mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York Forum festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media and to remind them to the <unk> directors that are <unk> and Arabic .
<unk> the Arabs , was much easier to fight the challenge of disability for disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to the news news program , behind Keith <unk> .
I walked in as if I went to a graduation dance , I went to a study , and they sat me into a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were alive .
So I grabbed on to on the desk of the presenter to not get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was awake .
And I had my opportunity , and I knew it , I knew you would n't come back to me .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair .
It 's a lot of fun that I learned in front of Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but it 's never been <unk> of me or a little bit of a child .
All of a sudden , my disability on the Internet became 1960 .
I saw clips online , like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
An commentator suggested that I would also add my disability to my rsum : a writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you could n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yes , clapping . Man .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that 's less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe no .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I got to <unk> it through the red carpet -- by the height of the soap Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my hero , incredible incredible Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have come insane . ''
I went into representation of the New Jersey state in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give children refugee children , a tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me performing live , and I do this talk to his memory .
He lies in peace , Dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know her name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small village to South <unk> .
This people is about <unk> .
<unk> drives the village to poverty , and at the edge of starvation .
Without nothing to him , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no work , no future perspectives .
He ends up in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you get a guy who offers him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
She meets a group of people , who gives a break .
He gets a little money to buy new clothes , money to send home , to her family .
They show a young man .
Finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That little boy in that little village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were the <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a kid in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for a chance , waiting for her future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that he got .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call the `` waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , the young unemployed urban , who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the `` waiting period '' .
For the young , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the history of the waiting for terrorism , the door to access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
Seventy percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do virtually anything .
I came back last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being out of that hospital , I would say , `` What if I never had gone ? ''
What if I had forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to try to house some young leaders in a corporate summit .
It was <unk> by about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to college University , he graduated .
There was no work , no opportunity .
And I remember when he was a graduate student , who was unemployed , frustrated , was a perfect white target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycle company .
She started motorcycles on local residents who normally could n't buy them .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this different story different ?
What does it do to this story different ?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit spirit , and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` waiting period . ''
Let 's get young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping to train some of the young people on the pinnacle of the business initiative , and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers to your wedding , we were going to be plastic sent out of plastic sent from abroad .
If you asked somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a floral design and floral design .
He created a farm outside of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , as he says , smell the pink rose .
By the way , he does n't grow it because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> from change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the major challenges facing the city .
They set up business solutions for local problems .
So , inspire young people and creating a entrepreneurship culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and set up their business .
Let 's get young people with the resources they need , <unk> the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and will create catalysts for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , that 's what he calls it , when he 's created , transform the way people see their city .
I hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> of the waiting .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they will turn the young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks Parks , which are <unk> and <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about ten years old and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves off like a <unk> , and not because of the path that we were still , we almost could pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> of view of a beautiful lens , when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , from about four square meters with rotten hearts , <unk> balls of aluminum paper , and old shoe .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> who were too lazy as to pull out what they thought was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and I got a little bit away .
Who cleans our garbage ?
Does no matter how to organize it or where put that `` ours , '' who cleans our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
So here in New York , the Department of <unk> <unk> our garbage , to reason for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know , as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and I walked through his routes and I interviewed people in offices and facilities in the whole city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed more further .
So I started working like <unk> .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And they operated the mechanical insulation and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They 're all asking about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still <unk> to the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage all the weeks .
There is also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and in the traffic all day , and you flip it around you .
They just want to <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And too , trash itself is full of dangers that often fall on the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you go out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also as a form of breathing or circulation .
It always has to be in motion .
And there 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think strongly that the gatherers of the waste is the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in efficient and efficient and effective , every day , this starts to start with their container containers and its dangers inherent in very real ways .
We were controlled by decades , and centuries , and centuries come back and start to break .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for the new , so the engines of the economy start to fail when it is in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just I point out its relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed .
So I mean , I mean , just the speed that we get used to move in the contemporary age .
We usually do n't worry about it , we do n't know , cleaned , or we take it with us our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw it , we throw away from them , because we know that there 's a force force on the other side that would be applied to that .
So today , I want to suggest to you , a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that you can help reduce the stigma and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , in <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when <unk> .
And their job allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a form of relief .
The flow that are still leaves us with ourselves , our own waste , our junk , and that flow must always stay in one way or another .
One day after 9/11 , 2001 , I listened to the grunt of a waste truck on the street , grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs , and there was the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled to me .
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's be okay .
Let 's be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to this man .
It 's called <unk> , we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe it was right .
Let 's be okay .
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as we have to include , and to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of the labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent waste of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next one who sees someone whose work is to clean the garbage from you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My piece is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born of course of conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping mall in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin <unk> is generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for the entire year .
And thirdly , it looks like it has nothing to do with Africa , not with Ethiopia .
It 's a kind of very rich place in culture and traditions .
On our first visit to Ethiopia , it was really hooked with the old market , which is this open open structure where thousands of people are going and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate outside activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to the location of the site , which is located in a much growth area in the city , where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image , there was n't .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are n't communicating on an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , putting all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium , which creates a space to open into the building that would be deployed , for its own form , the sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that <unk> local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a <unk> <unk> , and it 's going to allow the air into the air , and also light , but in a fashion form .
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the entire facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces , ready-made parts that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building .
So this is stuck with these little colored crystals that uses the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day , there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was so much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it 's no necessary air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy power of the building in a city where the electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a great advantage putting them on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for the inner health .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth building floor .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to perform such a big project , the biggest thing I 've ever designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I focused on the <unk> , a 1,000 years of ancient years , which was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of connected access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets , creating 12 initial separate blocks in size and features in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors with straight lines , and this shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell on the project , like an integral part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a direct point , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house , and therefore a natural ventilation .
So I 'm going to give you a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly tuned in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the lower plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that they make greater density at higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant .
And he also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving the community back the space occupied .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do activities like running a two-hour race in the morning or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities that are literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes the communities and economies at the same pace that the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had huge amounts of very bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capital of states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended that year and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
I stayed a time after the school exit , I was a little late , and I hid in the bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , walked into the classroom , took off the table of my master 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> <unk> ratings , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I organized the book to the drawer , but to see , some of my other guys had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , <unk> notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all rows of <unk> and myself a row of this way , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all <unk> .
They never found me .
But most of all , I was shocked by the reason why I was disturbing that this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
So , I 'm looking at jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies are suffering from jealousy .
Also primates . The birds are very prone .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that we observe loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory in which the jealousy are studied in all of their possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there 's no jealousy , we would have also not literature .
Well , there would be no Helena to it , it would n't have `` A . ''
There would be King , in fact , jealous , and `` <unk> . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
Let 's take the lists of high school from high school , because we would be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' and `` Party '' -- we will lose `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Madame K . ''
Without jealousy , there are no Proust , I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost to have everything .
This year , it 's 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also from the ordinary competitiveness , of mine , all we could have . And thinking of Proust , we have the details of <unk> , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think of a <unk> , you know , you know , you know .
We forgot how hard that picture is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said were as tough as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume that it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious , as jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their impediments , are a very solid narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , as a storytellers and audience , we know exactly what to include , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy made us all these amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does for giving me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to itself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in their lover , puts it into his collection of Torture instruments in their private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the boyfriends would have to abandon the country , if they wanted to break .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a tough job . Right ?
The jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion .
And what are the jealousy ?
The jealousy get rid of the information .
The jealousy use the details .
The jealousy of jealousy like big , bright hair , and the nice little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy became <unk> .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust is very successful the <unk> language with the jealousy of jealousy .
When <unk> is in his condition of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> his lover 's <unk> , then advocates that .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is disgusting , but it 's not different than an old text interpretation or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in the middle , they 're looking for knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust was concerned , the more painful truth of the truth , the better .
The pain , humiliation , loss -- these are the pathways toward wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes us a range of a much more profound feelings of a very profound , vital feelings that you can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that let 's look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that 's going to make us open in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion that we reveals our <unk> , horrible ambition and our rights ?
Do you ever teach us to look at looking at this peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about it later .
And one day , Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get rid of what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behavior .
Do you get too much ? Or do you accidentally become a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the unconscious of the unconscious of his wife .
Now , the novels are really good at this .
Now , the novels describe very well how jealousy make us look at the intensity , but without precision .
In fact , the bigger , we are , the more we become residents of fantasy residents .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts of violent acts .
The jealousy drive us to behave in completely <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman of Michigan who was about 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since the one that 's being sent by <unk> messages , awful .
For one year , a year .
She was trying to <unk> the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because let 's be realistic .
How big , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr <unk> , '' books that try to figure out how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what 's what it might be , can be safer in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is <unk> or want to want what you have to <unk> , and you know what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , it takes your bank account .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the <unk> route .
I ca n't give you <unk> everyone , as much as sometimes I wanted .
It 's a pity , because we live in a time of envy .
We live in the time of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
Now , the novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and asked by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about the curse <unk> on Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always had [ on <unk> ] <unk> , the face head of rat from Scotland who desperately desperately needs it , needs the Holmes genie , but it makes it upset .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but they <unk> it , and <unk> with bitterness , one of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' once he ran , <unk> all of his solution , <unk> it back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir ?
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there is n't a person at Scotland who would not want to shake hands .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes moved in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without excitement .
You know , in a minute Holmes , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to be admired that idea of being him .
Could it still be that simple ?
What if jealousy are actually a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be aware of the excellence of the greatness .
We can do it with it .
But I like on contingency plans .
So while we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction <unk> the jealousy .
The fiction alone , he invites them to the table .
And look what it looks like : the sweet <unk> , the frightening <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the famous Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo module of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface of the surface was the culmination of a collective process .
Apollo was the largest mobilization in peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA was spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave about 400,000 people about 400,000 people and asked 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on his surface , which Aldrin came along with Armstrong death last year , is now the most old man .
So why did they go ?
They did n't have brought a lot back : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 , they give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why do turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why is it climbing the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would they fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice . versus Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the east of the Cold War .
In the time , the stronger emotion was the wonder in the transcendence of the powers of technology .
They were because it was great to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological success .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , there was <unk> , and smallpox eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , Apollo 10 flew for 40,000 miles an hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has come back to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the technology that we imagine that technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or to feed the world population seem to be some more intractable .
I remember looking at Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me you would n't look at the escape exhaust of the rocket V .
I knew that this would be the last Mars mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard that for the last two days here at TED .
It looks as if the technologists were distracted , and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhone , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't deal with the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that <unk> have been created less ambitious companies than the ones that were breaking Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in particular , the incentives that the venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused us to change ideas by creating ideas by incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mainly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak , without worrying about risk , small investment , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit on technologies like energy , which need a huge capital , and which development is in the long term . They have never invested in development of technologies dedicated to solving big problems because they do n't have a immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But to go to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewable energy like solar , wind and <unk> -- Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Gas and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy to compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now the technologists , the entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties with the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of the coal price control .
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we 're going to see an energy policy of the U.S. energy or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that looked like technological , they 're not going to be .
We know now for a while that famines are a result of failure in food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food allocation , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments .
And finally , big problems sometimes gives you a solution , because we do n't understand the problem .
The president Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are a lot of cancer types , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
Hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have been present , the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions need to support the solution ; it 's really about a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , serving those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We are not in 1961 .
There is no <unk> competition as in the Cold War , there 's no politician in John Kennedy who would destroy the difficult and dangerous thing , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like the <unk> of the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even address any problem address .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> the widespread ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong interpreted .
What I 'm going to try and tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think is a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I will bow to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions , and that could be raised in others .
I do n't know .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that the trust has decreased .
When you look at the opinion polls over time , there 's no more evidence of it .
I mean , the people who spent 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost almost half the way .
But is this evidence ?
What CEOs are recorded are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people interact when they ask questions .
Do they trust politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Did you go in the <unk> ?
Did it lie on the fishermen ?
Do you go to primary school teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but somewhere else . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a distinct way .
We do n't assume that the level of confidence we 're going to feel for a certain kind of an official , an official or a guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , say I rely on a certain elementary teacher who I know to give the kind of reading , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we stop side all that knowledge when we think of trust in the more abstract form ?
And I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real standard of real trust , because they try to redesign the inherent judgment of being trusted or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid target .
It 's not that the goal that I would argue .
I would get more confidence in what is trusted , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to trust what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who had their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
Confidence or abused with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What 's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain respects .
And I think that we can make a lawsuit , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see you 're going to get your own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it 's that , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
So trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials , officials , and they made us easier for us to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is it takes longer to do the management paperwork that going . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and the institutional life that the accountability system is destined to ensure the trustworthiness and the tests of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they have trouble improving the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , saying , `` Take the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know a similar examples .
All of that , by the target .
I believe that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if you 're worthy of trust and encourage people that we are reliable , and if you 're trying to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
They 're working on the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should have to rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they are two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough foundations to be trusted .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to add <unk> tests that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do it ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , people do ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I bought my socks says I can bring them back without giving explanations .
I take them and give me the money , or I get it back for the color I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
So from the beginning of computers , we 've been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be centralized .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , and more , to so that today , is less than one millimeter , the thickness of glass of a touchscreen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First of all , I created this tool that gets deeper into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to a pixel .
Designers can afford their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice on a virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , the barriers we break .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information , using all your hands dexterity ?
In the multinational Science division of Microsoft , along with my <unk> mentor <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a computer area of work .
So I combined a transparent bombsight with cameras deep to detect your fingers and the face , now you can lift your hands on the keyboard , get into the inner space , and grab a pixel directly with your hands .
As windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a shelf book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book , and you can highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're driving in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and I went back on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual Internet Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system is understanding your body geometry .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just watching pixels in space , how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would a future look like like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> collaborator Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was you send the gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation magnetic , which is mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object the object , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can come back and go back to breed and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and a distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan is able to reproduce as a physical reality the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , as opposed to monitors or textbooks , this is a real , palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show you something , it 's going to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us , and we have to get rid of our world .
So we started the talk today by talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was reminded to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the 1970s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to give it to a school for athletes with all expenses .
But my mom said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After survival the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter if I work or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the stunts , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio show .
But no adults will tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never be met .
I was afraid that during the rest of my life a second class happiness would be the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another calling .
No one to me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go back to books .
[ `` Women <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` aka Echo History ) ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not propaganda . It 's not convenient .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> guilt , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also led to my comparative habit .
Let 's get lots of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
Never happened to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research , why do n't we do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They may be people [ `` Benjamin Adams '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams '' by David <unk> who were involved in a same thing , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
For Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of Design '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The path of the Tao '' Alan <unk> -- rather than missing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` <unk> joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
Books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know you wo n't be able to be feeling lonely or powerless .
Having a shattered dream is n't really anything compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place of the dreams that come from , where passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Up to a shattered dream .
And it 's because of the books , that today I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
And Alex walked into the first session wearing jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw on the couch of my office , took his shoes removed and told me she wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class partner had a <unk> as a first client .
And I had a little bit of <unk> who wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy only to move the head back as I 'm going to fix it .
`` <unk> are the new twenty , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start working later , you 're home later , you have kids later , until death happens later .
In <unk> , like Alex and I had no time .
But soon after , my supervisor pushed me to push me to press that I would talk about your <unk> life .
I was bored .
I said , `` Sure , he 's coming out with guys under his category , and he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still no , but maybe you get married .
Also , the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what they used , but this did n't have the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex to be the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for the careers and the futures of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to adulthood without going through the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , they take away a 20-year-old , I want to see . Amazing , <unk> really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha , '' that give your life to have happened to be when they 're 30 and so many .
People from 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money you will win .
We know that more than half the Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future couple at 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means if there 's something that you want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top of 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are time to get educated about their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily life and common life has a <unk> impact on the person that will be going to be .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call the <unk> an extended adolescence .
The journalists were telling them ridiculous names , like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines the adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you give it to a 20-year-old on your head , and you say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole to that person the sense of urgency , and their ambition , and absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting , interesting , interesting , interesting kids like you or your kids , and they say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My dating during <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were running around , and then at some point around the '30s , the music turned off and they all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who would be standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds an extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's an enormous pressure to 30 , and so many of you start a race , pick a city , pick a couple , you have two or three children in a much more short period of time .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's some research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once in the '30s .
The middle-aged , <unk> crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You know , you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give your son a brother .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about his <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but they still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend that showed more positive showing us .
And despite living with very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
We often had a lot of our sessions on our sessions , but then he got up it itself to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well one day Emma came his head on his legs and wept for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book for phone , and I 'd spent the whole morning and had a lot of contacts , but then you kept looking at the empty space that goes after the words `` in case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if she gives cancer ? ''
At that moment , I took a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that would really be worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the smartest decade of Emma was going on in front of me .
So for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that every month or a woman , he deserves to know .
First of all , I said to Emma that I would forget about that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's race , and nobody knows the future of the work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to try .
I 'm not crossing the <unk> exploration , I 'm navigating the exploration that I should n't tell , that , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I said to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> that come together with friends with similar minds , as much as who you know , what you know , how they think , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out of almost always comes from their nearest circle .
The new things come from what they call weak ties friends from their friends .
Yes , half of <unk> have a bad job or do n't have any work .
But the other half no , and the weak ties are the form of <unk> this group .
And half of the work they created is never released , then to meet the chief of your neighbor is the way we get a job to do it published .
It 's not cheating . It 's science of how the information is happening .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma , she will soon go to his family , when she has a couple and form his own family .
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
You might think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person that you live in now , or you 're going to get away now when everyone on Facebook start to walk towards the altar , is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill a while to choose you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we went through that phone , and she found the fourth of a cousin of a cousin who worked at a art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That work offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived .
Now five years later , it 's a special event of events in museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I send me a letter that said , `` Now the emergency spaces are n't big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like aircraft that come out from the Los Angeles airport , which goes out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a slight leap in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the age of 21 or 25 , and even 29 , a good conversation , a good TED Talk , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next generations or the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
That 's what I have the privilege of telling <unk> like Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get an capital capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't let define what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very demanding job in management consultancy for a job consulting by a job that was even more demanding : the teaching .
I went to teach them mathematics students in the public schools in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and test .
I gave them tasks .
When I work , I would give up grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance do n't have I.Q . I.Q .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in seventh grade , in seventh grade , you 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible and I was so convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for long enough .
After several years of faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a process , a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure better ways .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school , and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what we 're going to do with military training and who will get away .
We went to the National <unk> National <unk> , and we tried to predict what children are going to take away as far as possible in the competition .
We studied professors who are working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective to improve the learning outcomes of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all of these very different contexts , a feature arose as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health and not I.Q . .
It was the determination .
Piracy is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
determination is clinging to their future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in Chicago schools .
I asked thousands of high school students to make my questionnaires questionnaires , and then I waited for over a year to see who they were going to get away .
It turns out that children with more determination were significantly greater chance to graduate , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even security who felt the kids when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National <unk> of <unk> that matters , and it 's also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The more honest answer is : I do n't know .
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who just ca n't go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is often not related or also related to talent measures .
So far the best idea I 've heard about developing children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and learn about the brain , and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to die when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech will end , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead of .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to get it wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
It was <unk> in Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my wildest memories , is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was reminded by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems as impenetrable as the Great Wall .
Over the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do that .
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be helpful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we just have five minutes , it 's better than we do a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus in restaurants , understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of the fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he were screaming continuously , this symbol , I 'm burning it . '' This symbol actually is originally originally originally called the name of it , but I like to believe it 's the other way . The one that will work .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a <unk> of a <unk> on the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so they believe many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old man said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot '' -- Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the whole moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the deadbolt of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
Was there someone at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , they 're careful .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same as you learn a Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese .
So after meeting the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put off the origin , because Japan is to China .
So a sun next to the origin , we create Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two stacked mountains stacked over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become getting out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out , is a way out .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd like to rather be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered their imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and wearing a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raised our kids in a kind of an industrial complex project .
However , the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a little <unk> boy and a <unk> boy who was dressed as a girl guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz gets done today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're salvation of Oz as prophecy predicted predicted .
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies in the computer of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing of Oz 's magician is that the most heroic characters , wise , and even villains are women .
I started noticing this when I did watching Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that moment , he also had a son .
It 's just three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the oversight level had come down . And so slid it in the room , and he was impressed by a mother , and he was impressed as a parent , and I did n't think he understood what was going on , but he will <unk> everything .
I wonder what it perceived .
Would you be themes of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke get an army to remove the government ?
So compare this with Project Oz 's magician .
How is Dorothy his movie ?
We 're doing good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz , right ? And not a world of men who are struggling , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force for an F capital , force in the movies for our children , and so little from the road to yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know the experience that the princess <unk> does n't provide the proper framework that would have served me to navigate the world of the adults who are mixed . I think that at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected them to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have a girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The films are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a kid , you have to be a stupid animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior 's suit .
There are many exceptions , and defend the Disney princess in any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , so real , and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't leave being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues to come up on classic after classic , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a child .
So , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what criticism said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies passes the <unk> .
I do n't know if you heard about this .
It has n't yet been roots and it already spreads , but we may now start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you have to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to get the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else from the kid who really likes it ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movies we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , success success , a consensus idea of what a <unk> film is .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden in the hostages crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this spot , and it 's the great moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go into the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 movies more popular , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen for recently to Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted ever in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think that the movies for kids have something to do with that .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are these guys ? What are these guys learning ?
What do n't they learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is defeat by a villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't speak ?
Can we make that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world , and this very alarming statistic and we want to hide it .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be able to do if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their human power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and I mean primarily to parents .
I think we have to show our children , a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character for `` Star Wars , '' you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What are these two in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to get their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I tell my son : Go to fight only and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked I was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I used to get used to them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see with my own eyes , it was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length along the Nile .
And my sea biscuits had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared .
This is a located place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in simple view , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old <unk> city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the ancient Egypt for more than 400 years in a time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that <unk> was located at some place near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge plain plain plain .
This area is enormous , it 's about 130 miles away .
Before , the Nile side right next to <unk> and as changed over time , and as it changed over the east and covered every city .
So how do you find a larger city on a large landscape ?
Trying to find it randomly would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded eyes and using baseball gloves .
So , we use data from NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we thought could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing it , and we can see it here .
When I 'm sampling , it 's like the sequences of shows on ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we looked for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , below a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire , exactly the same time period that we think it 's <unk> .
And we also found jobs to educate them -- namely , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones in the Middle Empire , these are the stones that used to be used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation on the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a jewelry shop , which shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We do n't find <unk> here yet , but I 'm going to put it in a near future to localize it .
And more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of technology so that they can also perform great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , and it was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Sharing is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do that ideas really began in 1984 BC , a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
And it certainly puts marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
So , imagine standing outside the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now we 'll take a group of <unk> obese group on bicycles .
They 're competing on a bike bike race , and they 're going to address their entry door .
I need to look at this .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
And they collide with the front door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , rays from the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold .
The lobby , in the hallway , or what there is on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
It 's waving with your hand .
It 's a brown horse on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel your <unk> blue fur on your nose .
You can smell the cookie cookie , and you have to go about to get into your mouth .
<unk> on the side and come into his living room .
Already in the room , and making maximum use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing about her coffee table , singing `` <unk> Baby One . ''
Now stick with me .
The soil has been coated with a <unk> path , and from the oven coming to you Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> out of the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular contest that takes place in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> of <unk> in the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess , that this was like the end of a <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few different ages ladies and different hygiene habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
We 've got the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
We had whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a cards .
And I thought , `` This is unbelievable . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking with some of the competitors .
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
And I said , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participated in this competition say they have normal memory .
We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using old techniques , invented a 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did you have no ear of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the hall of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English English , and he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorizing the order in a deck of cards live , in national television .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but perhaps you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up happening most of the year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely with the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see what point our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on <unk> Hoffman 's paper in the `` Rain Man '' movie .
We spent a evening together in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was bright .
And by coming back , I read a lot of treaties on memory writing about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having a <unk> , disciplined , cultured memory that was n't one thing as rare as you look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They 've changed culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us as well .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a shared , disciplined memory is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's not really so unique ; there 's competencies like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of University College University invited a group of memory champions in the lab .
Do you want to know : Is it that it 's got brains in some ways , structural or different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually no .
And yet , a really interesting , meaningful difference between brains of the memory champions and the control subjects that we compared to .
When they put them into an MRI machine , he <unk> their brains as they were throwing numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they found parts of the brain , different from others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we could learn from this ?
The tournament for competitive memorizing tournament is run as an armed race where each year has a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On their desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try and memorize in an hour , using a technique he invented , and he 's only mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> random digits .
<unk> . Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques used to be reduced to a single concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It illustrates with a elegant paradox , as the `` <unk> '' paradox , says the following : I tell you two people to remember the same word -- I say , `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a `` <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you about a while ? ''
`` You remember what it was ? ''
The person who told her name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for your head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know it .
They use these white hats .
They have flour in their hands .
It 's okay when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> in some point back .
And one of the most elaborate techniques to do this goes a half thousand years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` memory palace . ''
The story says , `` There was a poet called <unk> that went to a <unk> .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , he did n't take a DJ , he would hired a poet .
He stood up , he took her memory poem , and left , and so soon it was , the living room collapsed .
By killing everybody .
But not only killed everyone , but it shattered the bodies to get down .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
They could n't afford the <unk> .
One tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed his eyes , and realized that with his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
And I took the family of the <unk> hand to where their loved ones were between the rubble .
What <unk> noticed at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions , word for our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial memory .
If I was to give you the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I would bet if you 're going to say , who was sitting on the horse up on the horse , you see in his lobby , they would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , and <unk> it is the image , the most memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the earliest memory treaties in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it memory , the same way that I would have done Cicero if you had invited him to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And you 'll come up with some kind of ridiculous , kind of crazy , unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that complete competition .
And then you can imagine entering their house , and see the <unk> of <unk> , on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then they 'd see Britney Spears to remind you to remind that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then they go in the kitchen , and the fourth of that they would talk would be that strange journey that did for a whole year , and have some friends to help you remember it .
This is what the Roman speakers were giving up their speeches , not word for word , who 's going to confuse them , but typical .
In fact , the typical term , it comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about oratory and rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms .
The first place , it would be like the first place in your memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into that .
I went to some of these memory skills and had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
Really , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking exams , and I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets stuck in the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit in the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school poems bought at a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training memory .
What 's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , silly images , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked up with this .
This is me , using my standard equipment of training for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> , and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year earlier . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of a participatory scientific experiment .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because they rely on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to be built from memory or memorize <unk> of cards , and to benefit from some insights about how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if they were trying to be an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get together .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention to it .
They 're focusing on when we focus on it .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
We 'll make a kind of deep processing , a kind of full attention that most of them is not <unk> out there .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
This is how things are made .
And if there 's one thing I want to leave you with today , it 's what I mean , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our short existence -- whether on the Blackberries or iPhone , does n't pay attention to being human in front of us , who is walking on our side . We 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even get it in process of processing ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person remembering to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so I 'm going to pull it up only a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from January Jersey , I was six years old , and I lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my kid 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there all walks the time watching the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everyone looked at me , and every time I 'd come back in a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was like that .
I was awkward , insecure , I hated it .
He hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Right .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , no division of areas , but of those gut connections , emotional , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no surprise that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you 're thinking about : you think in power , `` stability , '' and democracy .
And I know that what you think is that it 's because it 's a building that 's built a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's an predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we used it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> , little solid , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is frightening .
It 's costly , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people that they build . The <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways they know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it 's got this round thing , columns , red brick , who let 's get rid of what 's trying to communicate with this building : the kids , the ownership of ownership , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So , how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation -- the architects that constantly drive new technologies , new Frisbee , new solutions for the life forms of life today .
We 're starting to get them and we did n't get so much , we 've gone away from people completely .
All of black , this is too depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead in the inside because we have no other option .
We have to go to the other side and go back to those symbols appreciated .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're really happy , so we start to experience the pendulum from the back step , over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> little , on dehumanizing .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's get the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
<unk> neon and add pies and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took unwanted cabinets , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be empty castles of glass .
And the shapes were <unk> , you won on audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Oars grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , moving to the neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
They 'll probably be a massive <unk> of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we <unk> memories from other places .
I know very well , and you all know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Now architects feel frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the '80s and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
Let 's make the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> techniques , and we met new compositions , a few ways that we get against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you get totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , they 'd completely agree on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this miracle building .
The tourism market grew up in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is that possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous in the world ?
And it happened , because the media looked around them , and we quickly learned that these forms meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same mayors do that .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other star architects .
And he went to 240 and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the new millennium , actually began to move through all architecture , digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how they use architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have to be walking up to the next town to see a building .
transportation speeds up : they can take a ship , an airplane , they can be tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It 's not quite accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we knew that the one I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
The <unk> was n't a <unk> movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the top threshold of architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or an elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until it will be on both extremes in simultaneous , and it will effectively make the difference between innovation and symbol , among us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can make symbols right now , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my firm ended recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the same product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being only a building , became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the pictures that one made the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , you become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with your collective memory , and when you carry these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , we first went to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We 're bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
Now , that is ammunition .
You can take the mayor of <unk> , people of <unk> , and tell them that there 's no single answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that are using words and complicated , and you 're no longer a hapless public who does n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
Architects can hear , and you do n't leave to intimidate architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find the right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different than the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> historical brick based on ideas that it should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings will be transferred to the whims of nature , not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream about swimming in the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects are already aware of how to make more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot at stake .
Buildings are not just reflecting our society , but they give shape to smaller spaces : local libraries , households where we formed our kids , and the turn of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and it started walking .
And it does that in that very cool , typical one of the kids in a year , <unk> , as if their body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives themselves the same big kisses and wet .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of your friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When did you stop doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly not be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , he just wants to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit afraid , it 's a little confused , because her mom says all the time he 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says it 's ugly .
So , his mom tells him and what his friends , or classmates , they say , do n't know who to believe .
So a video of her makes itself , he puts it on YouTube , and she calls others to please stop a comment : `` I 'm nice or am I ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , that it does n't even deserve the worth of thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , ordinary , current teenager who receives these answers to one of the most vulnerable life stages .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it doing this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me `` I like , '' by talking , by sharing , by sharing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , we 've never been so connected , in a continuous , instantaneous , instantaneous fashion .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that goes from your hand with that are just relentless .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I love '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There are no division between a living online life and life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated in digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that you 're cover from the girls 's covers .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of you that <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes stars of the sports , and the singers <unk> .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're <unk> individuals .
But in a very obsessed culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other things start to suffer .
Six of every 10 little girls prefer to do something because they think they 're not pretty nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings , and as an taxpayer to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , and they do n't want to engage in the classroom , because they do n't want to attract attention for their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable .
And in the season of testing , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a less note to the average of your fellow people who do n't care about that appearance .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it 's regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about you , you see , not how you really are .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're involved in more diet not healthy that they can bring them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're easier for people around them and they are at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's why they make more risky decisions , like alcohol , and drug consumption , diets diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual relationships at early ages and without protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is <unk> the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they do n't have higher rates of death .
Fifty percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day that they do n't feel safe with the way they see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that chance ?
<unk> this potential is from interest to each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I became very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our children follow is not just a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas : The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six respects are crucial points for anyone willing to deliver an education in body self-esteem .
An education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat on the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
They challenging today 's status , as women are seen , and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you about the input of our politicians in hair or the size of your breasts , or pretend that determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start to judge people , why they are , not as they look .
All of us can start by doing it by assuming the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not look .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you would make a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our kids will grow all of their person , valuing the individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people who are really making the difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we 'll only create a different world .
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never going to be aware of being the people who are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Is your wife ?
A sister ?
A daughter ?
At your niece , your niece , to her friend ?
It could be simply the woman that 's at two seats away . What would it mean for her , if he was released from that voice , she was denied by no longer legs , thighs more thin , a flat belly , feet smaller ?
What would it mean for her , if we could unlock this and unlock his potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images are holding us all around .
But let our children do the truth .
<unk> that the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for whom they are and so they make us feel .
It makes the self-worth into the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year age are becoming <unk> agents of themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On the fifth of November 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi remarks <unk> , the leader of the League Defense of Defense .
We initially claimed it innocent , but being in jail for other charges , in the company of others , started planning attacks at a few 12 icons in New York , including tunnels , synagogues and U.N. headquarters .
Luckily , those plans would be overwhelmed by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , it could n't be avoided .
Later , he would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving American mother , primary school teacher , between the two of them made it all possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few Muslims , even most Muslims .
And I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to get to the same things in life .
However , in all religion , all of all of the human group , there 's always a little fraction of people who were going to be allowed to be able to use their convictions to think that we have to use all the means that they could all live as them .
A few months before he was arrest , he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , had been going to take a shot training in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go to him the next day .
We came to the shooting <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was with the FBI .
When I got off , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that I shot , I gave it to the little orange light on the target , and to surprise of all of us , especially mine , all the goal burst .
My uncle went back to the other and Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
Everybody , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You saw the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those more people later would be convicted by putting up with a <unk> , and they 're <unk> with 700 pounds of explosives on the underground parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
They called them `` <unk> , '' which means to be .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time it started to be comfortable near somebody already , it was a moment of pack and going to another city .
As I was always , my new face of the class was often a <unk> victim .
It was secret to my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was going through , reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't developed social skills , to <unk> , to grow under <unk> , not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So , how could I open the eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my thinking was in 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program I was involved in the Home <unk> Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> on the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all of my life , was something I felt so much passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids that we had made friendship was Jewish .
And I took a few days to go out into the light , and I realized that there was nowhere between the two .
I never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had been made to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job in the Bush Bush , an amusement park .
I found people with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay were bad influences .
So I happened to have a chance to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most kind and less critical that I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what it is like , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then the Daily Show came in .
All night , Jon Stewart asked me to be intellectually honest with my <unk> , and I helped see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my unacceptable shape at a moment where I was desperately bored .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my own life than my own father , extremist , was n't in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my mindset , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with someone 's eyes who has suffered enough with endless <unk> , and he said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody 's one day , one day , who 's going to try to take the violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , that even though I went into this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to ask myself .
Instead , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , to talk , against those acts of no sense , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I put me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that is projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D , and it 's got <unk> of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood that project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experiences everything directly .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being .
Each one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of it .
I 'm not sure that you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just robots that we 're going to have to do to produce the results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , subjective .
So there 's never a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , we 've got that vision .
The psychology was objectively behavioral behavior , neuroscience was objectively the objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years , it all started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose , said , `` now it 's the moment for science to promote consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , an flourishing of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the search of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this fantastic job that I put Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or feeling happy or happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain brain areas do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I do n't offend neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , does n't address the true central mystery of this matter : Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied with consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective movie movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to the neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , as the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how the traffic operate , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , how they reproduce and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about the target work .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the difficult problem , is the question of why that 's all behavior accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here 's the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I am a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I would beat my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that it did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to stand up at this point .
We have a wonderful explanation of explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we 're aware of .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific view of the world .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first start crazy , before I deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the internal subjective film is sort of an illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain objective functions , your brain behaviors , and you study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many others , that vision is quite close to denying than the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
It was fundamental laws that govern them , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything more basic than that .
On the contrary , you think of it fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes , the fundamental list is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's century figured that you ca n't explain the electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnet , and applied to electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we found with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental , sun-like ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for logic , you have to take long time .
The most natural thing would be to honor consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly not the object of science .
It opens the path to scientifically manage .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : the space , the time , the mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want to be such a simple laws that we can meet in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that are so simple that we can meet them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called `` Pan '' for all , `` Pan , '' by all , `` <unk> '' for the mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think about it .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude , subjective feeling , some <unk> of consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did someone think something like crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more about a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that will bring the thinking with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there are information processing , there 's consciousness .
Digital <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
It 's a simple , simple information .
And something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed them with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of integrated information in a system .
And it 's supposed to be aware of consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible high degree of information integration of information , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse there is an average of information integration of information , as much significant , degree of consciousness quite important .
But when you get to worms , microbes , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In the theory of <unk> , there will be a different level of consciousness from scratch .
In fact raises a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality behind the underlying reality .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where did the equations come from ? ''
From the vision of the vision , the equations of physics can be allowed to be , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists actually do , basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to make our relationship to nature , and can have very serious social and ethical consequences .
Some may be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had a bit of consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 're very hungry .
I think thinking about this , this tends to transform your views , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral moral is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha 's artificial intelligence system ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems about the development of intelligent computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask about the consciousness of whole collective , the planet .
Canada has their own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , an integrated group , as the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED record , an internal movie for this whole TED group , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you have to take seriously .
So this view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually more secure to the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing , which is a universal thing .
So vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right way towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to resolve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally go to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village .
He had a very normal profile , a under education profile .
I went to school , I would marry my friends , I was passionate about my younger sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents , because I wanted to get to a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's pretty nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually has n't gotten anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good notes . After the school , I had a bass profile on my mother 's hair hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered an accomplishment if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 , <unk> studies , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What about speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ?
`` Usually in the acts of acts . ''
And then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabled people as inspired objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not that the kid 's blame , that 's true , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability is not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage that I 'm doing in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid too much .
I 'm not here to <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to disability .
Yes , they have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital A , capital underground .
It 's a bad thing and live with a disability .
It 's not a bad thing , and it ca n't make some exceptional .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
So these are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without the hands of drawing with a pen held by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspired .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because we would give a group of people to the benefit of another group of people .
So , in this case , we 'll get them to the disabled of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost account for the number of times that I 've been dealing with strange <unk> to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspirational source , and this will happen before my work had a public profile .
It was like I 'm standing in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images will be faced with people with disability in a benefit of people without disability .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are not that bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard .
Let 's make some things .
But the things that we do n't do is the things you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm passionate about called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in , because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It does the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of your capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those photos too .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies , getting their best out of their capacity .
So , is it really just <unk> in the way we do that , when you share those images ?
When people tell us , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says it 's a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying because we have sold this lie that disability is that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here giving you the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , you 're not often inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disability at all .
However , I do n't learn that I am more lucky than them .
Now , I learn that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue , to pick up the things that you fall in , I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery on the chair battery .
Great .
We learn about force and resistance from others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that 's <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that you have sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that is a lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles to a stretch of stairs has never made it a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a TV screen is not going to appear the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and radiating a positive approach to all those books at braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom , watching the <unk> <unk> , `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> , '' you do n't think of anything for being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have such low expectations of the people with disabilities that are <unk> off of the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value genuine achievement of people with disability , and I want to live in a world where an 11th child at Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a <unk> user .
The disability does n't make us quite remarkable , but question what you think about it .
Thank you .
What is augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so please do n't get away .
When people think about augmented reality , think in `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days , and it will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because reality augmented our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : the Google Glass glasses .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see .
They will allow them to experience what is to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use the Google Glass below a helmet and knowing what 's running through the game camp at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting the ears .
We can know that it feels like a <unk> man 's <unk> , trying to <unk> it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
So I put some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not any images of NFL practices , because the idea of the startup technology is a submarine rising up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have realized that you need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice are 54 ! Mice ! 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've been asking me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see it from the angle of a <unk> .
What a corridor ? ''
We want to experience that . ''
Once you have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get out of it full of ? How do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called <unk> Rift , which surely many you know .
The Rift Valley has been described as the potentially realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no , no ! I do n't want to go on playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster fearing for their life .
What 's a fan of a fan of a fan when we 're going to make a video of Adrian 's video crossing out of the line , throw them out of a <unk> with the arm before and make an notation ? What will be a fan of a fan of a fan .
When I 'm able to be able to run out on the court , put the ball into the bottom of the network , or would you imagine doing a Wimbledon job ?
What 's your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe you get the diapers of diapers for adults .
But this is not yet augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
We 're augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners who see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put him an <unk> to his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Others decided to animate them .
More people saw the party , because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the helmets of <unk> and after the defenses .
They got more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next hand shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing , you 're not going to have to worry about forgetting a game .
Or by memorizing the strategy .
They just go out into the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate losing games .
If you lose parties , you lose yourself as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But reality augmented is not just a labor manual manual .
Augmented reality is also a way of gathering information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple choice would be a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the helmets and <unk> sensors , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will get information overload .
This is going to encourage the good teams of the evil .
So your computer equipment will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being nerds .
It 's also going to be for athletes , who would have imagined ?
What would it be in the field ?
Imagine you 're the <unk> of the field .
We 'll put the ball and <unk> it .
It 's an open receiver . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left-hand side of your bombsight , you would argue that a defense behind you goes to <unk> , normally you would n't , but the system 's system <unk> you .
Let 's get to the protection area .
Another flashlight <unk> you there is an open receiver .
You 're breaking the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where it lands , though , the receiver sees in your bombsight , a patch of grass that 's <unk> and can change the race .
He 's coming up , he 's catching the ball , he runs and puts it out .
The audience goes crazy and fans , and they 're followed by each other .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game .
So I 'm going to do a lot of people going to see , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
We 're going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being somewhere else 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> to wear .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful actions are their actions from the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being pursued ?
How much is it worth a Hadfield <unk> or a Neil <unk> Neil startup trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality is augmented .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service on the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years to me , the southern end of the <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most widely used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer who was trying to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
The suicide range from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers will take you to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as the each of it frees you out of all your concerns and pain , and the waters that are going below <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After one every free of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks off the bones , some of which is some of the critical organs .
Most people die in the impact .
Those of you who do n't , usually you 're going to lie in the helpless water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the suicide method gets to realize the death of death to be facing .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people are in order to get out of life .
I can tell you a experience that once the person is on that edge , and at the darker moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year as this young man was talking to a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service for those of us who were fighting suicide , but the officers also .
So we 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on the July 22 of last year when he received a call from a <unk> subject sitting in the pen near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to a official from the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was 32 years old , and he had flown over here from New Jersey .
In fact , he had flown up there twice in New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the history of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box open . ''
Well one day , curiosity could more Pandora , and she opened the box .
She was out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few facts , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of smart guy and smart , New Jersey , had just taken away his life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I suppose when I was talking to them , it did n't seem like being ringing , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had asked them .
Bad damage of suicide affect a lot of people .
I asked you to ask these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone who was suicidal ?
What would you say ?
Let 's tell you what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understanding .
I do n't know , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point you need .
If you think that someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid to ask you and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other people have thought about finishing their life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
Let 's get the person in front of the person in front of it can save life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs look : despair , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve ; <unk> , believe that there 's nothing that you can do about it ; a recent social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read his card .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing to read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go up to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends that tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still pretty insensitive , but feeling more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving <unk> to San Francisco to see the 49 match to see her father on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> , and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and they reported that the <unk> 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call by a potential subject on the bridge of the bridge near the north tower .
I led my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , immediately the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and a half , I heard how Kevin talked about her depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back to that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked her , `` What did you go back and you gave the hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You stopped talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I received a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the events of March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin continues with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly invented .
She took Kevin when he was only six months , completely unconscious of all those traits that were <unk> , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of her , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's Hospital that night , you 're going to sit like the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a father who is loving and an active society .
It speaks openly about the events that day and his depression with the hope that their story inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've been finding on work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather committed suicide .
That act , though , despite finishing his own pain , and the opportunity to meet him .
This is what was about suicide .
For most people suicidal , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of hurt someone else .
You just want your own pain off .
Usually , this is achieved only in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've responded and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge .
Out of those incidents where I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who talked about about an hour ago .
And for that time , I would get my hands on three times .
In the final hand , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge wo n't kill themselves .
Also , those few people who have jumped from the bridge and lived and they can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave the railing realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connects with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that all and every one of us should be able to do .
Jews can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you are , and a question you 're asking yourself , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I 'd finally achieved the dream that I had since .
My outside , finally , I would end up with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , what I 'm going to refer to later , when I look at this picture , I think , came up with you , you got it , you came up .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We all overestimate our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some have the value of free , to get rid of the <unk> limitations of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , I even ignored my story .
And I think this puzzle is called the epiphany .
This is mine .
I organized as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always wore this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to <unk> .
The gender is always considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , in fact , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I will never tell me to share my story , not because I thought it 's going to be a bad thing , but how the world is about those of us who want to free .
Every day I appreciate a woman .
I have Mom , Dad , and a family who 's just accept me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , a goddess of the <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's a director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she said , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she did her go over the yarn fees and the costumes . And that night , I won in bathroom , I won on a dotcom suit , and there was a third finalist in the over 40 candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was within the world of beauty of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the homeless goddess especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends from that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go to the United States .
I was bored .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know what if you give the United States , you can change your name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me that I would put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was surgery in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to make surgeries more thoughtful , sophisticated and safe .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to do surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of `` F '' and `` F '' of women 's gender .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or get a drink , but for me , it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who was living in his truth , but he was <unk> , he started to end his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 , November we do a global wake on the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this scenario , thanks to a long history of people who were <unk> and stood in front of the injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others living their truth without shame , and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there 's no longer anymore than 20 of November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure .
My own support network , my parents , especially to my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to trans women , who I 've been oriented , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I would take my mom , and he said , `` Mommy , you can call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that not block and not block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to build up , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , parents usually know about their children , but I 'm one of the very few parents who was known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when they ran his efforts in 2011 , the National Prize University of peace became very famous , became a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I am now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth of a child , they 're not celebrated .
They 're not welcome , not for his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes up , and it gives you your mother to mother , and no one would hold the father .
And a mother gets fun a lot for having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only mother suffers from , but the daughter . President newborn daughter , when she grows , he suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays home and the school admits of your siblings .
Up until 12 years old , it 's got a good life .
You can have fun .
He can play with his friends on the street , and he can move around the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go in the adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , it 's being eaten by your house without a male companion .
It 's confined to four walls of his house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if they were to remove the code of that idea honor , could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this idea of honor code , not only affect a girl 's life , also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor .
And there is one rule of the patriarchal societies which is called obedience .
A good girl has to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepts their father 's decisions and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you marry an old man , you have to embrace it , because you do n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the marry marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle continues and it continues .
And I would take brothers and sisters , when they were born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And a lot before I was born , I thought in his name , and I was fascinated with a brilliant legendary physicist of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> of <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked , all of them were men , and he grabbed my pen , and I took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half years old , he was <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why should I mention the admission of a child in a school ?
Yeah , I should mention that .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was taking the Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family 's family family .
And the reason was that I had never seen my names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason I value my daughter .
What my father could n't afford to give my daughters or his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I would encourage you when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to take it on your personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of the obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson from called <unk> .
And they were <unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all of the political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls are banned to go to school .
The women were forced to use a veil , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the musicians <unk> and the singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few spoke , and it was frightening to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , I got up and got up from the right to education .
He wrote a paper for the BBC blog , he was offered herself for the <unk> documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's called a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate her campaign and October 9 , 2012 , he was shot in his head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , she whispered into my wife , `` I should blame myself for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , you wo n't get away .
Let 's tell the right cause .
You know your life at stake by the cause of the truth , by the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and join you .
They were both on the right way and God protecting them . ''
Now , these few words were a lot for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was being bent through the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my young smile and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to do good . Please , do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and it was <unk> .
And I 'm going to take brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist the harder times , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for women 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 year-old girl .
He 's crying when he does n't end up .
They fight with his siblings , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What 's a special thing in my mentoring , who has been so audacious , so bold , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I tell you , do n't ask me what I did .
I did what I did n't do .
I did n't cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
So I went past the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> visualization , but all the work I 'm talking about today is about the science of the brain , I did it before I join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you beat a brain operation .
Are you still as smart or not ?
Does n't it be like that , will you be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how many of them take , of more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get a living , to keep living .
More than ever saved me .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience it to try and get the <unk> dose , because there 's actually no map of a clear map that says in <unk> .
I started testing different mixes , and I was shocked by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried doses and chemical doses for a man in 20 , and I was surprised by seeing how I would change my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've known various types of this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a lot of unsafe , fixing a problem that had on the front , and it just did n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men , and about what they have to go through . So I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , by setting up those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I 'm very much thinking almost always in pictures , and that became my key point : how can I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> , Descartes and Hobbes , look at things like that .
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to environmental thinking and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I get to find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and very crowded .
Now , I 'm working on how to take these mental images , from my mind to the screen of the computer .
Can you imagine what would happen if a film director could be able to use your imagination just to drive the world in front of it ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way people creative can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to get to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two leading groups in neuroscience .
They both used MRI , an MRI functional resonance image , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left is showing the brain scanning from a person who looks at an image .
The middle column shows the brain scanning of that same individual as I imagined , seeing that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the central column of the left column -- you see that difference is almost nothing .
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost nothing .
Now , let me share another experiment . This is from the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it was shown people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while <unk> their brains to create a big child 's reactions in the brain sequences .
And then , you 've shown a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while you 're going to get a new scanning one .
The computer , using only the brain information from the scanning to show you what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the brain 's inference , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This let us get away .
We 're pretty close to doing it .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you believed in the brain the same map .
This took place with brain scanning systems that are available today , and their resolution became a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer myself for that .
A lot of you are setting up new projection techniques , even me . Tell the recent output of the MRI , first we have to ask the question , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets , but at this point , magnets will only give them small improvements in resolution , do n't increase for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like doing a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort on MRI were to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in exchange of inventive and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and frequency of FM radio frequency in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform field , we use magnetic patterns , structured frequencies to FM frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with patterns of processing radio processing , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge of the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid <unk> , but the hormones that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas into direct form to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through the language of language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be capable of ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter thinking ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a little choice more than open this door .
But anyway , choose one year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Her closet may be telling me to have some person for the first time that he loves or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have ever gone through in life .
The whole closet is a difficult conversation , and although our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of being lost , and to have left that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side , <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't necessarily have my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> <unk> as a litany .
And I 'm going to be pending that by the <unk> of my little pants , and I 'd put my head on my head , so I would ask you , usually a little kid , `` Hey , you 're a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be a uncomfortable silence on the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father was <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother were launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to go through it .
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years ago , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised you that the next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was prepared , and I was about to get into the female issues on the table . I had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed up .
So I took a deep breath down , and I went down my backs , and I was a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist duel , just a girl with a question , `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I got hurtling around it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is confusing .
I have my little hair like a kid , and I 've seen a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use your comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more from the kind of girl from a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , by paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajama is purple and it 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was , `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easy thing to have ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But within the dark , you ca n't know how color the walls are .
You only know how a living is living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
So surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why out of my closet was more difficult to get out of his , but this is the issue : The hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that to explain someone who has declared banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that story is more difficult than telling your five-year-old who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop organizing what 's hard to us to do with something that 's hard to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in closets , and you can make security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and high-heeled shoes .
It was n't the militant lesbian ready to fight any four years to go into the coffee .
I was frozen for the fear of my dark closet , my gay grenade , and moving only a muscle is the scariest thing that ever done .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint , and now the world was turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of between people knew that I was gay , and when I did my Lady lady , in my black dress and <unk> , I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who knew me to make years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the gay story was started .
`` Would you ever have been in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my Mark Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will Grace ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but I 'm desperately waiting for his support , to get me to know that he was on my side , finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , like you have all the Scud grenades launchers .
Surely , I could have been easy to indicate where they felt like <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do they work ?
If you 're authentic with somebody authentic , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations remain without my strong point .
Ask anybody that I 've got out of .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it implies out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
Do you get armor . Be yourself .
That girl in the coffee did n't have armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be <unk> . It just <unk> . It 's just <unk> .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're <unk> .
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they will maintain the hope that that could change .
They do n't give them a false sense of hope .
And number three , and more important -- let the complex .
You communicate your truth .
I would never get rid of that .
And some of you can get out safe , let 's get rid of what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry about what they are .
And yes , maybe some will feel disappointed , but that something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you meet in a dark closet , a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very alone , but you 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how you 've seen the intelligence , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if an underwater question can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms underlying the intelligence .
So let 's step back .
First we start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth nor from the neuroscience of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they can look at the Earth , and they can look at the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , that does n't have any concept about the Earth 's intelligence , you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain moment in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a mysteriously planet stopped doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question that of understanding the physical nature of the intelligence .
So in this program that took several years ago , I looked at a variety of topics through science , across several disciplines that were pointed at , I think , towards a single mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately shaped for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for development of universal states that will promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in robotic motion planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the ability of robots to maximize the future of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues together , and we put them together , asked , for a number of years , is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes ?
Is there only an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = <unk> for the intelligence I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or to keep the open choices , with the diversity of possible future , yes , to imminent future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get caught up .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future of action and maintain the open options .
And so , if you see this equation , is natural to ask , what can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you get the level of human intelligence ?
Do you know artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , they should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection , the cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence will make a deeper relationship ?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production , but actually emerges directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy and long-term entropy in any system where it 's inside .
Remarkably , <unk> could pass multiple animal intelligence , playing games of humans , and even winning money by stock , all of it without being asked to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
So , just like a <unk> human standing here , we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using one cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a goal .
He just decided for his own balance .
This ability to balance is going to have applications for humanoid robotics and technology technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite sides of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of the model of that task .
This capacity for cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , here we see them successfully playing a game game against itself , to make their potential potential .
Here we see <unk> new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly falling and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capability also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , using the Panama Canal to extend globally from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable on problems in defense defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of actions , successfully raising assets under their exponentially , exponentially .
This ability for risk management ability to have vast applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brand of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we could build smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
So the machines get up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the urge to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually come out of taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important implication is the search for objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for targets , move from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants of that statement to help us build artificial intelligences or to help them understand artificial intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future of action and avoid restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and to lose the planet we call `` home . ''
Although , over the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth works in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to the Earth only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler showing the sizes of the planets apart from the distance that are among them and their mother star .
Together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the Earth 's land planets , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
At once , this is clues about if these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The 2014 year was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades now .
These environmental changes that we have led to global scale have rapidly surpassed our capacity to change their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no an astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look at planets like Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little further away from the Sun , it can be a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the Curiosity will track its surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , as the <unk> mission , they take samples of the Martian atmosphere , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
But private companies now offer not only space flights , but also the chance of living on Mars .
But even though all of these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the ideas of <unk> and <unk> , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still we 're going to colonize , places that are really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the highest and higher places on Earth , air is fresh , full of oxygen , through our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets attach to a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief from some that Mars will wait for us to save us from this <unk> array of the only planet that we know that it 's really habitable , the Earth .
For a lot that I like exploring <unk> exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but say that Mars is going to be there , but say that Mars is how to imagine the captain of the Titanic to comment that the captain of truth will have place later on the boat alive . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and land preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually expensive at the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and enhance life in the future .
In the extreme extreme environments in our world look like aliens .
Only they are closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in hostile and inhospitable areas of land , we may be able to meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi asked , to realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were lots of planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , one possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to continue to continue between stars , they lose the notion of what 's important to protect the origin of the planets that are developing this development .
It 's arrogant to think that just the colonization of it will save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments from Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the <unk> task of preserving the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I had my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get it , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's home from Jeff to spend night , because I had a early flight to Europe in the next , and <unk> from my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but surely it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at the night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , there 's okay standing .
I 'm a a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases your heart rate , your heart rate increases , you will increase the rate of adrenaline and the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that could be done , systems that could put in place , that can prevent the bad things to happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , you will make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month after my thoughts did n't make .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , won of the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I talked about that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called retrospect .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written from this a few years earlier , known as <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there is a disaster , a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , as Danny explains , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might be wrong , then trying to figure out what it can do to stop things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you is about some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , they <unk> a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good , where the fish are , that places the <unk> trees , where we live the friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's <unk> in London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows companies to find their nuts .
And if someone actually did the experiment , they cut down the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they could still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that mechanism very evolved from the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys from the car , glasses of reading and passports .
So at home , you put a place for your keys , a hook along the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and you 're holding it out with it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about the travel ?
Take a picture of your credit card , license your driving card , <unk> , <unk> by mail themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can make it easier .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for the decision-making and social decision-making and social decisions , any kind of choice that you would benefit from a rational assessment of the facts .
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of your lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is n't the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you to reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . They even are likely to meet people who take them .
So you 're like , `` Yes , let 's turn it down ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit surgery in any medical procedure before they can help a person .
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if I was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not a doctor 's fault , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely <unk> , what do you think it 's ?
How many people have to take it before to help a person ?
300 .
This is according to research 's research research , and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I was exploring the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse events .
Now you might think , `` Well , one likelihood at 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Get the recipe for anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics , and it 's , `` Stop the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , side effects are produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include things terrible : gripping pain and muscle pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is n't too likely to happen to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember that under stress do n't think clearly .
So think about how you 're going to take this over time , so you do n't have to build the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed for the drug to help you get their medicine .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the early informed consent principle .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number that you need to treat is pretty typical .
For the surgery that gets done in the older men in 50 , prostate cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
So 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include erectile disfunction , urinary incontinence , urinary incontinence , overloaded rectal , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just <unk> a year or two .
So the idea of the <unk> is to think before the questions that you can make to make the conversation come forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And you also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice a lot of times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life , or longer you could have a lot of pain at the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and loved ones .
You can change your mind in the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they go off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if your body is spending the metabolism in those things , it does n't react fast . You could get the lunch lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window of stress is the rational thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail at the time .
The idea is to think about the future , how they might be those failures , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent bad things in the first place .
He went to the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor , and I settled on a combination of combination next to the door , with a key to the entry door in the same way , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to touch more softly .
Two <unk> , even more smooth .
Four , <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of `` The <unk> '' may have , I never got quiet .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
French signs came over in the 1800s , and over the time time , he mixed with local signs , and he developed the language that we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a person deaf who lives in a sound world , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms , no <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
Now , I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise to eat the <unk> bag ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , do n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
This is all called sound tag .
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm super <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting to get the sound , which is about to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> does n't have notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through these subtle <unk> and spots .
In rural culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for <unk> in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , to make your thumb with me that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the chance to travel to Berlin , Germany , for the artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
Over this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that called me attention ...
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has come into my art in art .
Is it going to become more of the art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it does n't only experience through your ears .
I can feel it in a touch of it or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all they had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and go .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the arts community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
At the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a kind of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose that I 'm staying .
There 's a massive culture around spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if they did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , in work and institutions , I work with a lot of different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for my voices to <unk> your voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary way of value , something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If it would n't continue to be with this practice , I feel that I could be able to forget it in oblivion and not have any social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express on the paper .
And the same is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning both of the signals as well as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different different parameters .
So if you attach a different parameter for every finger while you 're playing the piano , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed , the shape of your hand , the speed , the way you touch the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get a key at the same time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers in the way simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in <unk> .
If just a key card would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens with the music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , they can express different ideas .
For example , the sign `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the <unk> sign on that .
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> away .
Oh , I 'll remind you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah !
So I started thinking , and if I look at it through the music lens ?
So if I had to create a sign and you 'll put it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and puts it .
This is all the day . ''
If you roll it up , it <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All the day .
I feel that the same thing can say of all night . ''
All night .
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of night : `` Last , '' during the night , `` night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time in <unk> and how far the distance to the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` Last , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea , and dramatic at once , `` Once there was one time . ''
`` Time Time '' is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' -- I think automatically at the same time .
See <unk> : hand right , E , hand left .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight ] [ Time ] [ Time ] [ <unk> ] [ Time ] , E , flashlight .
Can you do that with me ?
All the hands on high hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head like the chest , something like `` ordinary time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the languages of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` illumination . ''
Nice work .
You see how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest , but they 're doing very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and wealthy , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have a sound , it automatically has a social value .
We have to start to question what defines the social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that they do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , not to be hear about learning music .
The <unk> is a rich treasure , and I would like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a kid , my parents told me , `` You can take it all , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble bubble , I have to say , because the adults lied to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults also <unk> and they 're not very good at cleaning the others .
The time I happened , I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in the School of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach <unk> with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned up the beaches , and no , they 're not drinking alcohol , and if he 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out of these big ships and networks , we 've been going to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream about inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of labor with <unk> <unk> so that kids can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to get them into something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get a lot of thrilled with robots .
And then we created very quickly what we call a prototype .
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we transformed light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic float slowly through the sensor through the sensor as the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a <unk> estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I had this invention step at a step on an website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone gets better better .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very informed kids . ''
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're going to stand up with this picture .
A child , maybe lesser 10 years , cleaning an oil spill , just using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , mud and oil is also brown color and when everything gets mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a laser who can burn through all sorts of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We put this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used to use their empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other kids .
[ I can do a lot of research on a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , and I 'd like to go a little more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half a French half and French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that triggered many giant waves , called tsunamis tsunamis , and those tsunamis collected various cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear power station close to water .
And today , according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the whole Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is gone from the Japanese coast , and most of them , at the moment , is safe , is blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year since the crash and researching other scientists , the land , the river , and we wanted to bring kids to .
Of course we did n't get them , the parents did n't let them .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
And with them , we discussed the data <unk> that day and we talk about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we 've evolved pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a <unk> estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to date .
We 're approaching a mile from the nuclear station , and with the fishermen of fishermen , we went collecting sediments from the sea floor with a <unk> of sediment as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple source .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating , because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit like , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost all there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become true to adult help , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , can we help on the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect kids of horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation so that they worry about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> <unk> , two radically opposite design .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
It 's about the environment , the other thing creates .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble marble , he saw a figure that will fight for being free .
The <unk> was unique by Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we 've got all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and manufacturing production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think their objects as <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> of smooth material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
<unk> skins are thicker with little pores .
One is acting mainly as filter , the other mainly as barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes gradually its functionality through variation in elasticity .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and architect working between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows on two screens after me .
My work , at the simplest level , tries to bring these two views of the world to move away from the assembly and approaching the growth .
You 're probably wondering , why now ?
Why was n't that possible 10 or five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where they have four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please , know the minds and the hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scales , on large scale , like this robotic arm with a <unk> capacity that some day not very far away to print whole buildings , and graphs at the nanoscale made by genetically modified microorganisms .
Here we have <unk> the latticework on this , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it 's created a screen where every single aperture is just to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion fashion fashion , and it 's <unk> , it 's like a second skin made out of one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D printing collaborator , we print this layer and 3D skirt without seams between the cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This a helmet combining rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this analytical high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allow products to design products that are not just the way our bodies are , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the time , comfortable , and also absorb sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and when we design this <unk> pattern , it becomes <unk> .
It 's a 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , as in nature , varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly , but <unk> the material property .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God drives the Earth to grow a tree , <unk> a tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches and leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made trees grow with branches , crust , water and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design be if the objects were made from one piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree of <unk> tree with fruits , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we could tune into their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp shrimp , <unk> and produced toothpaste .
We 're going to get chemical concentrations , we 've been able to make a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , gentle and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures on large scale , it was built a system with multiple <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of the material , and create these structures made from one material three , a half , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it dry them to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used for <unk> microorganisms that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we genetically engineered the genetically engineered bacteria to capture carbon carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of beam beams , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A tree was thrown out of fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure made from shrimp shrimp into an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : For objects designed to biodegrade , positions in the sea , <unk> marine lives -- and placed on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we have to master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made in additive form and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just that instead of precious metals , new biological functionalities are synthesized within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , we combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
It turns the light into sugar , the other one consumed sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that 's like the digestive tract , which will help flow from these bacteria and make it function of their way .
So we started to grow these channels in the human body , we 'll make the properties of the material as we wanted .
If we wanted to even more photosynthesis , they were able to make channels more transparent .
This system 's digestive digestive system , when you stretch from one to another , spans about 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here he is , as we 're going to be here at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels , glowing channels , glowing channels inside the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are long-range creatures , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase matter matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that <unk> our skin , let 's provide damaged tissue and lead our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints material material .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
And this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're going on .
<unk> manufacturing is about to this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or a matrix , linking those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turns on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to contract a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the spinneret .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put silk worm in a flat patch , not in a box , we realized that you 'll be a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk gets checked and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot that we were making up making silk templates , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew that the <unk> silk worms are going to be more dark and cold , so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We <unk> silk worms to a silk farm online .
And after they feed them four weeks , they were ready to get down with us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding of scaffolding , and as they 're <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and the life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you put up with biological silk , <unk> silk , you give it all this pavilion to your integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , there 's <unk> [ silk ] worms 4,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk scan through a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us , to form a <unk> ecology , designers must bring these two views of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which leads to a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands of us , for the first time , to make us care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time ?
You can plug in your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and gathering websites , and I was playing the guitar on a punk called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And generally I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this sense of boredom , this feeling of -- this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get bored in it , and I 'm going to let you absorb , and I feel `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and <unk> to <unk> .
Another reason why I had so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and a bad thing in me , I did n't get anything wrong .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something I 'd like to ask you then .
Ask yourself , where you learned the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned about culture .
You ask , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
When we 're about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make nice answers in kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be a pirate . ''
I 'm going to tell you the Halloween suit here .
This question gets us over and over again as we grow up in various ways , the dreaming of a little bit of high school students asked them to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise of before we get away from sleep .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by kids to dream about what they might be , it 's not inspired by dreaming of everything that might be .
In fact , just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , although well-intentioned well-intentioned may laugh and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be craftsman and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is craftsman Bob craftsman and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , publisher , turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative principal .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life centered is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to spend during their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're someone who 's not connected in this way ?
What happens if there are many different topics that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone to be in that framework .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And you feel like there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You are a <unk> .
An <unk> is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if it divided into three parts : multiple and potential potential .
You can also use other terms to make the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance time , the ideal was the ideal of the ideal of multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's give you any term you might like , or yourself , you know .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as limitation , you must beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people , and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strength to being this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , travel and math and design , when he found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired jewelry jewelry .
By <unk> , and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is learning fast .
When we <unk> ourselves , we 're interested in something , we go to that .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it 's been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid of testing new things and come out of our comfort zones .
Many abilities are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring all of what we 've learned to every new area that we go through , so we rarely started zero .
<unk> <unk> is a whole <unk> and an independent writer .
As a kid , he had an amazing capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I turned into a writer , <unk> was a huge financial planner .
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when their practices were beginning , and this ability helps to write compelling releases for editors .
It rarely is a waste of time to devote what you 're attracted to , even if you finally drops out .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . I mean , the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , designer pages , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The journal Company Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be persuaded to meet the needs of the market , the ones that we thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quick learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that might be lost if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster care to themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in their heart , specialists .
They come up with the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric Afghanistan .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive into a depth and put together ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that are connected to how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , the <unk> in large part will encourage you to simply be more like your <unk> partners .
Once said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to go through all the media .
That 's where you will .
But for the <unk> in the room , including the ones that you just saw is one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you , `` Get them with their many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity through those <unk> of rabbit .
We play intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In 1901 , a woman called <unk> took her to a institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but I 'm going to go for it until unfortunately , it passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy and found weird plates and he 's pictured in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The even more surprising .
If you had to have been living today , we could n't give her more help than he had been done tonight .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs , to HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But it has been progressed in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affecting 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , include many of you .
If you wait to live up to 85 years or more , your likelihood of Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of each other .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you spend your years with Alzheimer 's disease or helping to take care of a friend or loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's costs cost 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its cost required a spike of five times in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers get older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively recently to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less from Alzheimer 's disease than of other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer 's research than in Alzheimer 's , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a year of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should -- Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us , even scientists , obsessed Alzheimer 's with aging .
We thought that we will become <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only looking at a picture of a healthy brain compared to an Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
Besides a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , damage to brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly reduces life expectancy , and they 're always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and this sort of strange display in the brain of <unk> .
For nearly a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they are made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami .
There are places on paper that are random .
And when it folds right , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some random dots are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form great plates and it 's coming up .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying what 's going on is complex is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that you block it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in their most part , the wires have been reduced to the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemical , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick to each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this show that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that it grows that hope , to defeat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We must realize that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try it , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have noticed more research and practiced pressure on governments , pharmaceutical , pharmaceutical industry .
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit of overcoming cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers for their loved ones day and night , they 're often too close to getting out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help them demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the spinal York City , and in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience by testing it , it 's a night of the past summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers are <unk> to be made more and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you ever got to another person ?
And right ?
So , you know , you 're going through , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or she 's , yes , truthful this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've ever met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly very well , I did n't expect to crush on .
And yet , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the column , so I send it to the spinal column , and you 'll send it a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : they go together still ?
And the reason I think they challenge this is because I 've done this question again and again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to this .
One week before I was published the article was really nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been forced to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views , like a lot , and those were usually just about my friends on Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views .
And that has a good focus on a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , he had no idea .
The article ran on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called Today Today , and the Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is foster confidence to write honestly about loving experiences , but something else is to find that life 's loving life has been international news , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they asked the same question : still still together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Are you still together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and asked them .
I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> , where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
So I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable , asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article , which included readers of readers when we try the study on them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all of this focus was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not to each request that we were both doing a public emergence together .
<unk> television interviews , and he refused to Google the orders of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming a scary icons of the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I did n't feel like to answer .
My relationship had just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people said the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and also tell you ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of doing these 36 interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal focus among college students , using what Aron called <unk> , progressive , mutual <unk> .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt closer to doing that . Several studies also used the <unk> <unk> protocol of Aron as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people in the opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness , I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` You mean , you 'll tell you from the person who you did that ?
Well , he paused .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
But did you get better friends ?
Did you feel that they did get better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you is looking at when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and it was a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , what I was supposed to read about all of my adult life , and he was my first love , true , and he had no idea how or he could live without it .
So I pushed into science .
And I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that to be a certain way to play the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did this for the book I wrote , but in retrospect , it looks really obvious .
I thought , if I built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I sat then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I 'm more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than they might reasonably demand me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and loved to be loved today , but I would continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told you about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story of the story that question : still do together ?
And your content with a S or no .
So more than a question , I would propose that let 's ask questions more difficult , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who deserves your love and who deserves ?
How will it stay in love when things get tough , and how to know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with your partner ?
I do n't know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the quick version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , fell in love , and we 're still very happy .
But in love is not the same as remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
They fall in love with because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder to read a little bit of it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered anything that was supposed to be that choice .
I did n't consider how many times you can make that decision , and how much time I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he 's always going to choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done , and I would say 36 questions , I have chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done instead is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that the myth is true .
I want to call implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't actually wrote .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will love me , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian crowd , and in a way I came like a <unk> of the forest .
The city of New York ago a time ago , something that really affected me , but more detail later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wood box , and I took a dollar bill , a pen , and a fork somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some examples of strangers or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's find this box about 500 years later , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's very happy , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excursion and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage of my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it all the pages , and I took it all the pages , and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> to Agnes Martin , the covered of resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to be growing up in size , as if it was that you would remove the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics and frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realize that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same as you do around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects out and I created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , the botanical ones who may be able to be asked .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was really fun to draw in the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in the human form , sculptures of resin with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the layers of glass , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and the other window , and I had all these windows together that make a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my artwork with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych '' inspired me in a big measure in `` The Garden of the genius , '' by Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . Let 's play this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It 's <unk> face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , Jesus and lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with heads of animals travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , this analog of analog mesh where they hide .
This is where creatures with heads of animals are headed to the headlight , ready to commit suicide , in the ocean .
The ocean is made out of thousands of elements .
This is a god she strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> Environment -- the shelter of Osama bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So this is a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand in which it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a proboscis , like a bird <unk> , and spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a half a half feet long , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turns on fire on fire by <unk> over a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a balloon eye balloon made from 1986 terrorist cards .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six year-old project to make a hundred of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material being encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file , in a way of being human , and travel into groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They are like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking years .
Each one is basically a microscope block that weighs <unk> pounds on the inside of it .
This has a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's your chest , you can put it into the input .
I 'm going to join you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and that covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a broken body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and they go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene within the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a writer , a writer , a radio stick , a museum , a school arm , which spreads all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
It 's going to take the box and all the people inside inside each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who it is and the box you 're living in .
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this , that this delusion that we are different , these concepts of the countries , from the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We are all very made of the same thing and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and Sequel all we 're going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill have effect against pain , first of the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
So I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system for any drug to make an effect on the body .
The underdog , though , is that by <unk> any medication , you know .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the number of viruses in your blood , and you will increase the <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that he takes to get into the bloodstream , they get rid of , and worse still for the time that he takes to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the blood blood of the patients who are going to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after treatment disruption , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment run by oral history .
And one day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse store , without the risk of HIV/AIDS ? ''
As a scientist at lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for care for wounds and diabetes , you can use it for anything you can imagine , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using pulses of laser to open up or drill extremely small holes , open and close to almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
And they 're asked , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small , powerful laser beam of the infected cell membrane , while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in about microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is <unk> immediately .
Today we 're testing this technology in vitro or Petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV from the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've looked at armed armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They 're looking at what these groups do when they 're not shooting at them .
My goal is to understand better to these generators agents and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-state actors .
For example , of <unk> peace settlements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups , we have even to engage or engage them in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do it ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well for the reasons why they struggle , how they 're fighting , but no one looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies do n't relate .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , smart <unk> , known for their violent morality against Israel .
From the creation in the 1980s , <unk> also has established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known by their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We had a complex system of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's what 's from ISIS , printed printed in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups also invest in a fundraising fund of looting , but through cost-effective businesses , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can be able to also look at the efforts of these groups for providing security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a massively elevated price to the population .
But in general , they provide social services , it means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , victory victory of 2006 , 2006 , can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They 're growing up because they fill gaps , they leave government , and they emerge from the armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and bring governance .
And the more sophisticated and more sophisticated things are these organizations , but we can be <unk> as something otherwise .
How do we call a group like <unk> ?
They 're part of a territory , run all their functions , they run all their functions , they run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what 's ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from nations without state and hybrids , and the weaker are states , like in the Middle East , more intervene and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in not military tools .
<unk> that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish , to create peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we will understand better than to offer to encourage the transition from violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we wo n't give us any peace and stability .
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum gap , to fill out that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid that accepting the `` feminist label '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore I 'm going to tell you as a bad feminist .
Or , at least I wrote an article , and a book called `` The <unk> feminist '' and then on interviews , people started calling me <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate provocation , it has become something larger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminists , these <unk> women , anger with men and hated sex , as if that was bad .
Today , I see how women are treated all around the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people when people would be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo , and a unpleasant word .
And I 'm passionate about a woman who does n't follow the rules , which asks too , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman , and can not imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and besides , I 'll be proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They had the same wages for the same job .
We have a right to travel around the world as <unk> , or bullying or violence .
We have right to use an easy way and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without the need for legislative controls or doctrines <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have to realize our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have to figure out these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters that we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music to all the volume .
Even though the letter <unk> , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of Bertrand yang is incredible .
`` Do you have your wet t-shirt .
Give them up , give him <unk> until the shell hurts ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the household tasks , but also killing insects , <unk> , <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the love magazines and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and I can see the romantic comedies , and I have some absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that they make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice as well .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
You know , the conventional feminism , the conventional feminism that 's largely ignored or <unk> , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered , for white , heterosexual women , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
The next thing : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We expect that to do perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retire with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've already considered myself to stand on that pedestal before you try and put me there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for what that sticker means , for fear of not being able to fulfill the short expectations .
So take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In Ancient 2014 Music <unk> , on MTV , in front of the word `` feminist '' 3,000 feet tall .
It was a wonderful show , see this pop star embracing openly feminism and to make the women and the young men who be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> time , cultural critics began endless debates if <unk> was not just a feminist .
His feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot of us , we need so tiring .
We 're going to go a lot beyond sensible criticism and constructive , to meet feminism from any woman , wreck until it 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Feminism , or rather a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections to account , go to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until they change change , actually affecting their profits .
It certainly is hard .
Why does your music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces and three and four years old .
These are two fine , wonderful girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world .
where you 're being appreciated for the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option of the way as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is going to treat sexual violence against women as a sport , the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio stick when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere , when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting sports sports where athletes treat their peers as a boxing boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a enough number of women , both to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or its organization is a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also encourage them to be more welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision boards .
Now , we 're not <unk> <unk> , and we 're not going to adopt these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to reach the top , to people in the power of directors and film producers and music , CEOs , legislators , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create lasting change and meaningful change .
We can also tell with courage , our feminism , good , bad , or otherwise .
The last line of my book , `` Bad <unk> '' -- says , `` Would you really be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to cope with what happened .
A few kids came to me when I was very young , and I did n't know the kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe it was nothing .
My voice , and after all I did n't believe I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
And I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and of women who looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was n't anything .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothingness that the world tries to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I 'm saying , and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we all could do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a bit courageous , when more you need to be about such a courage .
Right after Christmas year , <unk> children in California had been the measles for having visited Disneyland , or to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles can be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , it 's one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't you believe the majority of smart scientists that vaccines cause autism for autism ?
I think most of you know that , but millions of parents around the world are still going to assume that vaccines will pay for their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of her talk about her to develop all his professional life without watching one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable as only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
<unk> tax organizations like routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if you could catch from another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for donor Control Center , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria expanded '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing figures .
But that kind of language does n't dissipates a lot of the fears of a young mother looking for the face of his two-year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so reduced to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is what happened less to do with slow , cautious progress of the science that with the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what the autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism than had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we need to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit a private worlds private , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey in the panic for <unk> , like when he did n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , stated that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while you pick up references from places that are as distant as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give you that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he realized that he had become nine every 10 children sent by other kids to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept very carefully in a refrigerator that did n't get away .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that we put together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies , before it turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad view of these skills , claiming things like kids were just looking at what they heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions to their own , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Remarkably , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , London 's cognitive psychologist , thought that the theory of mothers ' theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband was warm , warm people , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> , and John knew how hard it was to raise a little girl as <unk> de support , without any special education , and without access to other resources without diagnosis .
To defend the Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
<unk> a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw clear that the model of <unk> was too limited , because the reality of autism was so much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination for astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice and <unk> pictures , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did anyone not realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a paper on a paper in 1944 , the next year to the paper article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article of the competition , but I avoided it in his own work .
There was n't even a translation in English , but luckily , the <unk> husband was German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was an integrated clinic with a school boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's ideas were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music lessons , and the kids were still their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabilities in life that required compassionate forms of support and tuned spaces throughout the course of all life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's , he called them his little teachers , and he started to help the development of education methods that were particularly suitable for them .
Basically , Asperger 's looked like a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that the autism and the autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in archetypes of the awkward culture , like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> teacher .
He went beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , a hint of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that he was wrong when autism was wrong , and so the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked quietly with the American Association of clinical school to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
In the late '80s and the beginning of the 1990s , their changes came into force , because of the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger .
These changes not fell on the broken bag .
Now , when I was <unk> , and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but by experts knew what the autism was , but after Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' , '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what that was autism .
At the same time , the first <unk> clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria , and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnostics began to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was , getting the people with autism and their families eventually pay for support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise on the diagnostics -- a simple , powerful , and alluring credible history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the center of prevention that one of every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum , is right , the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
A way to understand how to think about it is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC can not work with Windows , it does n't mean that it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social wiki , and it suffers from a attention deficit to details .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching to Asperger 's , which creates that the `` cure '' for the more autism aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to accommodate the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste any brain .
Thank you .
