You know that what I do is write for kids, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can show you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphytes.
And you know that an epiphany usually is something that's dropped somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Brazil . .
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Steven, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they beat up to bleeding every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to get into the teacher of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Stanford who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that adults never meet us.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stick with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were at Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be quiet.
We found it a place, we got it, and we took care of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, he became a box of ash, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about became present in itself.
The hope is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was a lot of it today.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first ones.
I was amazed.
My heartbeat fast, I was dizzy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The ones around me was standing around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think it was a snowflake on another year of snow year.
All the machines are born when they disappear from glaciers or break the ice walls.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to stay down and hold up to the end, while others can't withstand it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated apart and alone, in large measure as we look at times as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these machines as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, there are in that way and not going to be back in that way again.
It's not death when you melt it; it's not a end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the footage that I photographed is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Bronx, Greenland.
It's little often to actually get to the presence of a rolling eardrum.
Here you have.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, beginning to roll, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a company from Greenland, on average size.
Get out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of his personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one by a baby.
So two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to rely on the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception in yes, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and sperm is linked to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
They both yield and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my own activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a historian for training and what I study in this case is the way people embrace the anatomy -- and human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body, what they thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is activist, as a patient defense, or, as I say sometimes, you advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with Twin twins, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with animals; people much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, who are individuals whose physical psychology don't fit in the male schematic and female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it sexuality.
Institute adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't be filled in the male or male forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with blood financial base whose MRI gene and tells the amateurs, that all of us have in the fetal life, which becomes testicles.
And then, in the fetal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insulin sensitivity.
So, there's high school levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typical feminine course.
When it's born, the baby is kind of a child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After making it tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really that way.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called the supermarket glands.
They're at the back of the body.
The super-corporation glands produce anti-participants, the hormone's hormone.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman; he doesn't know their emotional structure; I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the adversaries.
We produce airplanes and respond to the carcinogens.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the villagers than the woman who was born with testes who have the biomass of insulin sensitivity.
That's why sex is complicated . It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy, born and raised as they were going; he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he had a life as a boy and just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a consumer supermarket hippie.
He had chromosomes, and on the uterus, the breathing glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were moleculeent, his brain was exposed to the typically male component . male.
I was born with a child, no one except anything.
And it was 19 years old when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was female inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intervention.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what you know as voters, that is, they have Victorian tissues wrapped in particular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- they're innocent, twin twins, or intersections are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason for several surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the categorized.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture that's about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic intelligence.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people inside the same body.
The latest recent case is last year with South African Street Sea; it was put in court court his sex in the International International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask myself,``What are they going to do to determine whether Catherine Samoon is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a distant line between men and women or men and religious and women and interviews -- we are us who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we move the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were the stable anatomical categories that are directly correlated with stable identity categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about the fact of the fact of them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we get progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we've left are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the bits of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the ones of the fetus.
There are very hot discussions today not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to read them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot, they put a pen in front of the nose, and if you move still, they weren't buried.
If you stopped moving the buried.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma really really determines someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this categories of categories could come to someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, by defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
I'll realize that these categories are much more unstable than we thought.
Think from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an absolute fan of the fathers' parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found each other and watching that music``1972 ,"and not by music, which is completely accessible.
That's why it happened in 2024 with the Founding fathers.
The founding parents were, to me, the first anatomy activists and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our parents rejected was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the right birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that it came to the political power for the right of blood, transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the child, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They developed the game field, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a industrialized system where two things were being spent.
The democracy was being tested, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the founding parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were running from the supernatural explanations, and they were able to reject the concept of natural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And we were looking at the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeed.
And then the success of the Civil Rights movement came from the people of the Sarah Street, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men on the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who appealed to the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference and, again, succeeded.
We see the same with the movement of disability.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give us to anatomy.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children should allow them to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keeping them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that I think about at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before: June 1 in 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the one in March in 1980.
For the only fact of being born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it's a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other features in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I don't tell you if it's September, in virtue of being considered now, it's a passion of the mandatory development that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, on his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persistent in anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science went so much in the field of the anatomy that we came to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escape.
Where do we go?
It seems that what's happening in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to cross the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people remain trapped in a weird position.
For example: Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't test people.
But this is also very strange because the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the carcinogens.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I'm going to sleep ,"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to ensure people rights, because I have to admit that I know some of the returns that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that some collaborators that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So, how do the subject of the content content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to lead this thought of thinking about the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a change of sex, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke to a couple of years ago that I had made light in the light, and then separate them, and so we can get their fame.
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation, it was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country, these kids would be very abused and therefore I had to do it.
And he said,``Well, has he considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end I want to say I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had been given more participation to mothers.
And I mean something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical psychologists, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, since I've been interested in intervention, I've been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about structural studies is that women, average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminism -- I was considered feminist, as I was now a strange plant.
\" Tell me what the feminism has . ''
And I thought,``It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with undo gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I have thought about the question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more appealing to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So while we try to create a more perfect moon, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But it's just proportional by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owned, and the other half would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity doing all of the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the similarities and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those partnerships.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting them.
So I proposed that governments will create new enough zones to contain cities and give them a name: cities under the charter.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Java and Ottawa were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 farmers would come out from their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a self-interest constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Pepsi wolves was implanted with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked him to take her chief chief.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of refinement, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state of their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes as much technologies as a norms to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to JR.
They called me.
They said,``Let's present this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice -- terrain that, in some cases, thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, he said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with developed terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and a choice so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the path for our country to advance.
He asked me to go to Tide and talk again about four and five of January.
So I set up another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the Honduras that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded.
The faces of the public were very serious and attentive.
The Congress's leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rover, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the government government leaders needed help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the charter, so that everyone could trust that the status is effectively fulfilling.
We went out and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be easily about a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to expand their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 174 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, researcher.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was passed again in another voting, from 144 to one.
Immediately after voting , 21 to 24 of February, a discovery of about 30 neuroscientists went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities building.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country interested in cities building is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this strategically, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come, and at the same time it would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow his Court Supreme to be the last court for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban planners and cities who are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies who wanted to be installed in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately anywhere else.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my black friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Mississippi, and this is my worth.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is that, I live with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, and I've been able to get bold, colorful and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and shops of second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my cave in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search for treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my shop?
Am I going to like color?
It will cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
I'm going back to my value, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anyone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of inner underwear, and nothing else.
underwear station for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see you for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost virtually impossible to be a bad mood, when you're wearing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is absorbed.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time I'm going to integrate.
Just yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate.
Wednesday: Lady of the child that you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disguise, or I remind them for their little seven-year-old.
I like to smile them and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: The trust is the key.
If you think you're looking good at something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lines go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style, and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little range.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to emotionally advance these things, because around the corner, there will always be a crazy, colorful, bright suit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the application of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great application in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need enough intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar teaches you a precious lesson, and it's that big things don't allow to pass them, and stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except that you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of things really weird -- like they can go through walls, or that they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, there was physics a few years ago; you need the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it wasn't good at my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it be all the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I've been able to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal goal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's just in the center.
And then here we make a good close-up approach to the small metal trunk.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with a logic form, and that's a platform on a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this printer with a form of swimming notes that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum therapist, but it needs a bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go out to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also light that shines it and the wind that goes next to her and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this goal of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to beat all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly dear, I was vibrating, and the way it was vibrating was like a breath like this -- as a soul that stretches and contract.
And by giving a nice push, we could make it vibrate and not go back at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a free thing and it doesn't go back at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in particular times when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're painful.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It's worth becoming a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal goal is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you also?
I mean, it's my logic.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was paralyzed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And that's when we heat it up, and we lit the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects on the elevator actually only only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound hunt of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Armani.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss, which is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are a lot of stories from why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education that I didn't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better than I'm showing the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've done from the launch.
So simply, we go to Proton.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the gallery, the MoMA, the Morgan, the Morgan, the Supreme, the Galapago.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and, um, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
You want to navigate by the museum?
We open up the top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go to the end of the hall.
Keep ahead . They're fun!
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't gotten to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The harvester"of Peter Bell in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the violent technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can make comedy around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to fire.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that the kids were actually playing something.
I research a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [, which is to hit a time with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper, and you'll see that you can actually get the cracks even.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to pick up the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite of my favorites,``The Night night . ''
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It's going to increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get the cracks.
This is``the started night ,"I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go into it, and I've created this function that I call``The power of the Mountain ,"we just made a chromosome around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think that the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, you do justice to his artwork and that it's represented properly online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it responsive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm a Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of your bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting about formula's careers in the last two decades.
Some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula from formula one, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, it's called control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an archive.
What's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronic.
They're becoming open computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and associated.
Canded cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these skills and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Haiti Antony in the weekends at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk to me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing completely the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
It's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo scales the Moses, it's said, at the end, I took the hammer and threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little bottle underneath and said shouting,``Why don't you talk? ''
Well, today, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and I insist in the idea of capturing the environment and taking action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a dead summer in 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end of Indonesia, they gave the head.
And anyway, at the end is Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Earth River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
For the early days, there are people over here and there and doing calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Goldbe of France . football.
The people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the representative time.
It's first extra time; second.
Discovery, and in a moment, the head.
Take Italy, yeah!
That night, everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big spike.
The next day all of them went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Chinese Minister where, from the time Roman, people will celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just one example of how the city's pulse can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would all be thrown out.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the garbage, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results made.
Stop Seattle ...
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw is not going to disappear, that it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we take a day still goes there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Sandrian Development, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to push on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Karajan.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine that they have a cup and valves, slow valves, geologists that open and closes.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bronx.
I liked him a lot.
And it has a commission to design the building at the entrance of the expo.
We call it Blake of Digital Water.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you get closer to it, you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the guards, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said,``Delical the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been demolished, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here's working.
You see people who are intrigued by what's going on inside.
And here I am trying to don't improve when I'm testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Shenzhen came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let you pass, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump to not get wet.
( Music of people) And for us, it was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels, the water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which is moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
sort of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom up, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real control of controlled, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bell -- one of the best ballet dancers in today, the New York City star and the Star Island of Milan to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a entry for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's both 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can reconstruct all the movement.
You can go through the whole path.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics of London.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as well as a crisis of clouds, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them drop a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few decades is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time, and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our clouds are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered from pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and can be used as a form of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can upload, as a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital march at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more exact and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of yourself?
How about better health?
Or maybe it's those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience Member: creativity .) creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many chose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have something from this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a close theme here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor about the subject.
The great 20th century of the 20th century, TCC . Kalai, who was in addition to the Church Rose Life, wrote a essay called``Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, the one we're interested in.
We come from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval there have been 20 different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we are far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, basically indistinguishable, which is coming out of pancreatic.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry on the more bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Asia makes you think about it -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very exhausting.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want to do without the effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forced rush into the output.
But so, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future love?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you meant to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief, the animal kingdom, as a single and unique compassion, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was born, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the global organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things begin to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that's going on, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, Scratch, Schuder, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns feelings, who still acted in Vegas right in his 90s years.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he's found a wonderful dancer of clothing.
He looks at it, and he says,``He's looking for a sex soup.
\" Okay ,"says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to stay healthy.
I wanted to raise health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation -- adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a refugee rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbiting level, and let me fall to the sea.
I think we all understood the feeling that Woody Allen said when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or stronger or faster and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the police bacteria that can survive the heat of the worms that would produce, if there were fish there, fish crazy, yet they've managed to make that an cozy environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we're going to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we run, and we're getting so much into it that no longer can have the isolation required for evolution.
One second possibility is that it's going to be an evolution of traditional, natural, sort of nature, by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the inputs of evolution are wheel, but they're infectious.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species, we collect distant planets, there are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
I call it the resolution, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they are choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen to the individual and family level.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of its offspring, but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the relevance?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to become increasingly possible.
Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 10 years ago.
It cost 2.2 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to $20,000, and in a week.
It's not very much to make the human genome happen for $1,000 and more and more to reach everyone.
Those changes come together.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the flow of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to go out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine only other small changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the remaining egg, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the month, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt Palestinians and a better memory.
Why not have an ingenuity Ken Benki especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of taking this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in the University.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have at them.
Are we going to use these options in the basis of a better, more successful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more resilient?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing a little bit of the engine, it's a couple of it.
On the side, I click, class, class . It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day . I was sitting on the Net.
It was the only one who could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot is the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's not the route.
I put out the engines.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most unfortunate words you've heard.
He said,``preparing for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have, and I never had.
While I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``Collecting wine bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to do anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge, which was not for a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to get better at all I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a result, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
Within two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonder.
I don't try to get right; choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying doesn't hurt fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was built in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And screaming, crying, like a little.
And to me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point, I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I was considered a miracle, not dying that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and live again.
You're flying today, I challenge you to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please imagine, and how do you change?
What do you do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called Anderson.
SOPA was one of the most important photographs in the 1980s.
He came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, September has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, September, and to their cause.
So I went and met her brother and father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, isn't it that you see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the movie``The slave and the butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to leave him with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I came up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that had no idea of how I was going to cover.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside your interior can't communicate it . ''
So I spoke in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called``French Research Lab ,"which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, draw on that and record the negative space.
So you go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First you start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and very much moving things around, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that Johnson could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call him sweat because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers all over the world literally from every corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and antibiotics and bankers took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid, and that when we went back, they would have taken off the walls of the walls, and instead would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we programs, we went to the marine ride of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Elevate, Norway, and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the shipping floor of Venice Beach, some copper wire and the Thing from Home Protection and Radio Shack.
We take a Manhattan camera, we open it up, we put it on a light from LED, and now there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself; we published the free code, the software is low.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital I can say,``No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only your eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the room of September.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this bicycle and acceptable during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends, and he would imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to spread into the parking, so we felt like we were legitimacy the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater and somebody finally came to rescue me and pulled me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
It's all coming out of our own pockets.
The prizes went from the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventions, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- this is what I finished close to close this year at the MIT Valley in downtown Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best exposing of the urban art, Savania Francisco, Charles all are going to be there.
They're going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, it can be possible.
None of the things in this room was possible -- the scenario, the computer, the microphone, the School newspaper was possible at some point.
I make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hide recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we're confronted with something that we feel like you have to do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations, and at the same time a little bit dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in zones of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days by eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only purpose of trying to look at social issues in ways that get attractive, interesting, and hopefully, analyze them in a way that they're trained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor, I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some may have heard it, or no, a couple weeks ago, I took a warning in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my TED TEDTalk.
And what was the next thing:``You know, the United States Stanford present: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and the content of content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a degree in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as difficult as going into the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Palms: I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The greatest film ever sold . ''
What's going on in``The biggest film ever sold"is that everything up to the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time -- from the cliffs that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, McDonald Spanish, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated with film to the perpetual -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's redundant .) (. (( .) (.) A surgery, forever?
I'm a redundant nightmare . (MK: I just say it . . It was more because of emphasis.
It was``Performer . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure that we put all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've used.
The most cool car that you've been driving in``The greatest film ever sold ,"the best piece you have drunk,``The greatest film ever sold . ''
Random King: The idea is then besides showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: To fund the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that Congo helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I ever hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how it's going to be people to that.
WK: You've got a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to respond? (MS: No idea .) David Canyon: How much money does this need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
WK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us, we see how a lot of joy idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Street: Most answers will be``No . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: That means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome . .
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (( (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at the people you have to deal with ...
MK: We have some places where you go . (MS: Okay.
MS: I thought``shut the camera"means we have a conversation outside of a microphone.
Turn out the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce product to as many people as possible, to make so many people look at it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the media scenario, isn't the idea to tell with that new vehicle of attention that's going to take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a desperate mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your wedding, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in the business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the Chesters name it.
But suddenly when it comes to make something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency day -- like that rare bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
You'll eat an entire bowl of the Collins Chip.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story . ''
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in a lie -- and there he is looking at as I used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There is your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Menches of many years I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the middle and go to businesses myself with my whole team.
So what I started to suddenly warning -- what I started to realize is that when you start talking to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others that make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood? ''
And the film is called``The greatest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my galaxy, you'll see the deodorant B.
At any time during an interview with somebody, I can say,``Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I would offer one of these fabulous tools.
Both``Florida Embrace"as``Paradise winds"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as a woman -- solid, to church, in mud, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a memorized view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller movies that you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, reminding people is the reason why this is interesting us.
MS: What words would you use to describe B?
B is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: Let's talk about something bold, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
You're happy.
How do you get fresh more time? With better fresh, more fresh, three times cooler.
Things like those who highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a primal company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: revive the 1980s, pulling personal Palestine, unless it was days of laundry.
MS: All right, what is the Jerry brand?
Jerry: Something unique . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark simulator.
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like this.
Usually I carry accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic collection, and Germany Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a heat flight.
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in a part of a paper, in a little girl, Boy, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I put the market.
Man 5: Marco School failed.
Is that something?
lawyers: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify myself in the intersection of dark glamour and flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Stanford Zambian in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like National, Kenya, Letwork to discover that mark personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Office: I did the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit of how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and in my case, and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one that you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is,``This was the best day of my life . ''
How do you relate this with your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why that's what it is?
What's the alphabet? What phase of purple is you now?
Why is it important to reset? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other materials have you had?
It doesn't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster is you?
MS: Yay! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job .) A: Yes . (MS: Thank you very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness on this.
Sandina Zamburge: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality, the brand brand Morgan Parkinson is a sociological brand.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or another instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies understand -- and it's human nature to avoid things that are not safe; avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini of Mini Cooper and Kevin.
Now there are playful brands and conscious marks, those things that you've gone and come, but a constant brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A collective brand . What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an alien attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more good attributes?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative?
So the descending attributes are like being playful to be fresh like Prince, contemporary, adventure or bold or hot as Europe Flowers, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or social like Galain.
Or are you more of a descending attribute?
Are you conscious, like 1970?
Are you established, traditional, providers, protective, do you relate to Oprah?
You're reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or South?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, distant and offspring, who said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the marketing, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a movie.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the advertising outdoors.
Throughout the city for the last five years, there are no posters, there's no posters, no steering, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing their way in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been most successful are the ones I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the intermediate, removed their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that's going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you go? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is shown at the University of Albert, let's take a look.
According to Burassha the movie is stressed in January, and since then -- and this is not all 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This cover just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not on the road.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we speak to their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, they're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, it's preparing your whole company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we need to bring it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's make the fear . Let's embrace risk.
From a cartoon at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we need to get transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk``Amazon ,"has been presented by my good friends of Lego who for $230 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: To make great data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
He says,``Let's embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 21st dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name to the name of the TED organization of TED, the David Foundation, a check for $230 to be applied to my TED for the next year.
The idea behind the Swiss computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the fastest-growing plant in rats.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes are not using Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop, it used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows installation.
The ocean goes into the gray box, damages the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is dead; mission accomplished.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple disease vulnerabilities.
It seemed to be doing something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet, and we saw what happened with this.
So, very strange things happened.
Stuxnet was behaving as a rat of lab that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after I experimented with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely driven . ''
The installation is looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that's called my attention, and we started working on this about 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the target is . ''
It could be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and deposited the code code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small one and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points that I attack.
You probably even know how much the operator does.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the tuna install is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very much above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much about old language language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at the beginning was called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking for temperaments and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with real potential potential.
We need theories about forestry that we can approve or break.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent lawyer, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
Basically it's reduced to the nuclear nuclear power plant and the Natural ranking plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Give me a list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and consulted them into an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital landscape with the control of the robot.
The robot is that moving part within the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it and even make the centrifuge.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and focus on an obvious effort to return to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital box looking very closely to data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 1864 highlighted in that code, can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature on how these centrifuge is built in Natalia and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and each waterfall contains 1644 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These facilities in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the code of attacks?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
And so that you don't have a misunderstanding.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We were routinely finished in dead ends, and we had to start.
And yet, we discovered that both digital hunters pointed to a single and objective goal, but from different angles.
The small creature is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and remixing them, and the big glass communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the target is.
It's Natalia, and it's just Natalia.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are being achieved by Stuxnet.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and above you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is interpreterbird the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false data.
And, believe or not, these fake input data are hardwired by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera is recorded from video video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just going to bring the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to bring a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in a power plant, when the great steam turbine happens, you have to open escape valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And neither the operations and the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium mic.
It could work also, for example, in a power plant, or in a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker that will disseminate this payload with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
I can disseminate the most possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a weapons of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been made public in many sides that people assume that the McDonald is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Brazilian: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Gamor . .
My view is that the McDonald is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for memory . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken, and that you give consumer skills, or another that makes users of wheelchair you get up and walk.
In``Berkeley Bionics"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external people.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, on average, it's got to take on your back, a 45 pounds of charge, and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some major complications -- lesions on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with back chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a skeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the Hillis -- or Human Human Security.
Soldier: With the exoskeleton skeleton, I can cover 90 pounds per variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in the streets to drag and execute movement with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
SS: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the wheelchair users, on what I feel particularly passionate.
There are 68 million people approximately, in wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their lives -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that's aging quickly.
His only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Alexanders who are using Amanda Mariana who 19 years ago had a lesion on the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda textile: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our electrodes, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
Also here are some batteries that give power to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it forward to this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing it down.
In a fraction of second, I lost all of the sense and all motion from the pelvis down.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptive technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to slide down on skiing, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you . .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Man's man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos from the forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, living about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known for their assault.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis on this in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys, frightening, normal society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the container itself -- scenarios of violent conflict that has been taken for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also creates the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear laughter hidden by the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes, the love, not war, because they have frequent sex, promiscuous and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kamen Court.
The bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a social style game, and I'm not talking football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look at what it is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``I've got it out of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play like the testicles and also how the game requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is discovered.
And I want you to see -- this is Silicon, a young female, who is playing with water peacefully.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world more and more of cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our grasp of adaptation.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to take the maximum game?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans equally, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems the least appropriate to play, you can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
So, primate mates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we discover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a not-for-profit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, you have fires like captain assistant in a body of volunteers.
And in our city, where volunteers supplement a highly qualified staff one has to reach the site of fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a racing career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain, I was focused on a conversation with the owner that he certainly would travel one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a umbrella, in leg, Barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, called Reador Lewis Luther came first to the captain, and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog! I was so jealous . ''
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building to save a living being only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me a threat.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go home.
I need to go up, through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real pump, which at that height or less they had finished off the fire and entered the fourth room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back to the staircase where I met my Nations and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We pulled out of the house the treasures for the house of house where, as it was expected, his treasure received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house of the house, thank you by the courageous effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at for the other was that somebody had reached even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, like in my voice as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they are to achieve, remarkable levels of success would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, it's now.
They serve food in a dining room, they clean a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they enter the game; they save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big admirer from the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were built in 1867 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things that we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LIGO bricks came to all the homes.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply embraced the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks piled with each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much larger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a major difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Limbarken.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're redesigned to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they join by magnets.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly, you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue one with green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module, it's here, and now we have a light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Libby are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solar, they allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To do faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind virtually is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
lights, sound, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids Linder to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that's not learning in schools.
For example, how a light works in night, or why the door of an elevator is holding open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken Lithur to design schools.
So, for example, designers with no experience in electronics start playing with Limbard as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and film, we have George creating ...
( metal noise) A few weeks ago we took the designers at Rhode Island's design designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conflict cannon active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a little bit of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Lindle became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to go to everybody.
So, Liberia has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is seeking to engage with the environment.
The collaboration is distributed.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
It can be a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue to continue the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already over time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to hate; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Eden for America, and they would be like a Patent Peace Corps.
We collected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world.
They made great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of technology today.
They know Al.
A terror of the city of Boston.
Here it looks like, if I look for a quote, but what I really look for is someone clean it when you're trapped by snow because it knows that it's not very good to turn fires when it's covered by a subway meter.
How did he get help in this particular way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Eric Frank members.
They were there in February, and at that time, a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrocarbons.
But one of the members named Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens wipe up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept to clean it when it comes.
When you do it, you put a name in this case.
If you don't, someone can tell you.
So, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads viral.
A responsible of systems in the city of the Pentagon, when you see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami.
It's very important that these submersible shoes work, but people are stolen.
That's why the citizens control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to allow citizens to allow them to break out.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to record to clean up sidewalks when they were born.
So now we know from nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then we were told to have done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the California of California that far has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spreads viral is a kind of air of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best government ways to work, not as private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, in the open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we tackle the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an anti-animated institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration of that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we left the feelings about politics, the line at the DMV -- and all those other things that get crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Friedment:``What we do together because we only can't . ''
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government itself.
And because the government at the very last instant of us -- remember that of us, the village, the way to think about it affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government was in choosing people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, about Fabuana.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that's going to treat the calls if you brand 311 in the U.S.
Scott attacked this call.
\" King"in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the doors in the house, put very strong music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the Farmers.
Boston doesn't have a center of calls.
It has a app, a web and mobile, called Singapore Silicon.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people at the office of the New East Bronx Boston.
And one day, this happened really, is this request,``Afraid in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
The dynamics of Silicon Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
It's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came up to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Karaxy?
I turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet Freed . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the combination of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
It connected the two people.
And I could have connected them to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we're going to get communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word very much contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that it belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequences we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we need to make bureaucracy to be sensual.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That does the Occupy movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the Steven Lab, about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it is time we're wondering what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they have to face.
Do you really think we'll get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone?
We can't address government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the function of government so that it can expand civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not that hard to act indefinitely, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years so I, to queens, I'm a generation bigger than a lot of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk; they're all going to talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care much to do their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better work.
And those apps allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrant, taking a weeds, carrying a garbage cube that has a Garbeline inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those tools and lots of people.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only consumers of government that we pay tax and get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all of the speakers, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd crowd, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and on death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED, watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact all over the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feelings, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the choices in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1845.
She was born by the 1880 and his experience with slavery, the way he saw the world.
She was tough, but it was also loving.
When I was a little boy and I looked at it, she came up with me and I was given a good hug.
I was so strong I could barely breathe, and then I jumped.
One or two hours later, I came back and looked at it, and he came up and said,``Great, you still feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I would grab again, and if I said yes, I was leaving.
It had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
At times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and I went to my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, through the room, took me out of my hand and said,``You see Afghanistan . We're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Great, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, breast . ''
She said,``Now let's make sure you won't do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, looked at me and said,``I want you to know that I've been watching . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Afghanistan . ''
I said,``Sure, ma . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my son, and you have to promise that always the care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, mama, I will . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to do is you'll always do the right thing though the right thing is the hard thing . ''
I thought it and I said,``Yes, ma . I will do it . ''
And then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to do is you'll never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, mama, I will . ''
I grew up in the field, in Southern South . I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I didn't know where I pulled them out, grabbed my sister and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the usual crazy.
He took a beer of beer, offered her sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today we do it . And you're always doing the same thing as us.
I've taken something, your sister also . They tie a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
I was looking at my eyes with strength and she goes,``Oh, not going to be you still thinking about breast conversation . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was scared.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this to think it's a virtue; I say that because of the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see meaning.
We can't get to do things that don't think you can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoner during ban.
My uncles died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit ourselves.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in parole freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, so much despair, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black between 18 and 30 years is in jail or in parole freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in parole freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's not guilt, but it's wealth.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
I find it interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you prioritize of rights forever if you have a criminal sentence.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where 13 years ago to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility of coming out.
We're now in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This issue of death death is interesting.
In some sense we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the committed crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve dying for the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people who executed, it's identified one that is innocent that it's started and liberated from death row.
A mistake rate, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it wouldn't allow you to fly airplanes if every nine that would take off, you would have to be stressed.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that he started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being released.
They worried to be bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defines their lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you talk talks, make speeches . Tell people that they stop saying that in our history, we've been dealing with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
We collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you could not overcome the racial segregation without a compromise and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good to listen to what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death death in Germany.
We'll naturally never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent, and a lady said,``There is no way with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to run people . ''
I think about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, would you run people, especially if they were in their most Jewish people?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are combined by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalized.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We're lately talking about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the husbands, the ones that will never come to TED.
To think about them, in a way, something that is inside of us.
We really have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
The development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from ideas also by the heart convictions.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only in the bright, but also the dark and the hard thing.
Except Happen, the great boy leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe, suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, must be engaged.
There's no disconnect associated with technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women gathered just to talk.
Occasionally, the Lord lady called me, to say,``Great, come the lady's lady . We're going to meet to talk.
You want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Be sure . I know . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I was going and I just listened to them.
It was very virtual, very lit.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks came to me and said,``Now, Afghanistan, I tell you that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole freedom for children.
We try to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We try to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave him my best speech, and at the end, he looked at me and said,``Hmm hmm . ''
And he added,``You'll get exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Mrs. Carrie was leaned, put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very but very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a thief.
Even, if someone kills another, it's not that it's an killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that although it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very enlightened, very stimulating, we won't be judged by our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not by the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel pleased . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I have tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling very hard.
I go to jail, and I see my clients of 13 and 14, which have been hacked to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't?
The judge did it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night very late, I was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Afghanistan, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was late, I couldn't think exactly, but I started working in a excitement.
He had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working in the excitement, with an idea that said,``emotion for my 14 year-old client is treated as a 1940s privileged white, executive of a corporation . ''
In the excitement, I found that there was a behavioral behavior in the accusation, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
So the next morning I woke up thinking that emotion was intense, or really write it?
For my horror, it wasn't only rescued, but she had sent it to court.
About two months passed, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car and felt truly overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful.
I finally got down the car . I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I met a older black man; it was the judgment of judgment.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He replied,``Are you kidding?"I said yes.
So I'm approaching and embracing me.
And I whisper in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was visualized.
That was deeply connected with my inner, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
So, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this sound? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
The cops came up with the assistants, the assistants, the airplanes.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, they were all angry because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the nose of the eye, I got to see when he went and came.
I was looking through the window and he aspired to hear all that scream.
I kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black, with the face of concern, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge secret a recession.
During the rest of a bowl of the oxygen, he showed up because the surgeon had entered the room.
The assistant was launched about the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man to keep her view in the target with uncertainty . ''
I've come to TED now because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to other people.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be addressed to the ones of fragile, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the speakers that share this, I just want to tell you that keeping your view in the target with uncertainty.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BC: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the California state, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which an effort to address the funds that spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, a billion dollars are going to spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years . billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't include in arrest.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a change opportunity.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are defined to make law, security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that it is?
ZB: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growing in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people on a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, we've been excited about today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Voice 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police gives pepper O.C.
Voice 4: That's been ruthless posters . Voice 5: It's sports.
Voice 6: Social.
Voice 8: Alliance of tsunami . Total 9: cyberattacks.
Several colleagues: War to the Norwegian . destruction.
recession . Britain . The final trial . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months, and they could potentially be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing is more important to survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us.
So a dozen stories will prefer to look at negative.
That old adage of the press,``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news about seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, no wonder we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Perhaps, instead, what's really happening is we get distortion.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we're very good at how to attach the problems and, in the long, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, average income per capita per inflation has tripled worldwide.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Moreover, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Bonnet that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The bananas of the last century, the passenger of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Except a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in technology technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 1980s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and booming.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's embedded in a law on the left, you curve it up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, by Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the natures and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jewish, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this:``Watson beat to human opponents . ''
He's not a easy game.
I play with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Bangladesh University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to release a company, or a product or service, that can significantly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people now.
Thirty years ago that would have been absurd.
We can now point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and getting plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon Three in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Tim.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold characters.
But the king of Tim, ate with aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of the Monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 73 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and Silicon.
But then the electron came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was remarkable.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Think of the energy shortage.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 terawatts of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about affordability.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the sentence by diesel : 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
solar energy cost 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that by the end of the decade, in the U.S. U.S. parts, solar electricity will cost six cents per pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed on the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . What was it called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 75 percent is saltwater, two percent ice is ice, and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanomaterials.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators in the zoo -- I'd like to share with you, and I gave me permission to make it -- his technology called Saturn -- I've already known it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water clean into any source water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola has just agreed that making a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a confidence that will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is a powered innovation for this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to have a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of thousands of dollars, video video, images, libraries and music libraries, medical diagnostic technology is now developing and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when you get the health apps.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Muhammad Foundation something called the World Trade Challenge , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk to, and because they have AI, they can be coughing, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the morbidity charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize, call the health care, and first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billion growing.
White lines here are population.
We just spent the brand of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against population explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you join the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you want? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get more health because of the Tribe, from a better education with the Academy Khan, and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, healthy healthy and productive healthy?
What about a few voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed ones, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear target, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Dismanner.
He emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teacher, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it has shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovative innovation.
We have the capital of the metabolism.
And we have three billion new minds that are heading us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the growth of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
Maybe they believed that they pursue pages, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very, very common.
It was the groupers.
I got it up until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, of some mangroves.
There were tricks of about 20 inches, the black beard glass.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant, and it was happening for a good moment, so it was earning more than average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved half.
And they were threatening at five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s Europe conducted many development projects.
The fishing fishing development would impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Mark 4.
I went out of fishing in it, and we did studies in southern China in China, and especially in the Sea of Java.
What we captured was something that we captured.
We captured, now I know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are fish coral fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a nut.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . I was thrown out because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't yet drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen pick up every time they go to an area where they've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the starting point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
So if we generalize this, something like that.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of Orcas, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . change because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their life conscious as normal and explode it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of change.
And at the end, keeping a little bit of miserable miserable.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before we get extinct, is little frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become rare because we fish them.
Over time, there are few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, would argue that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them are present, like captain such, and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't use or, generally not using the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in industrialized societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
Hence the huge role that can be a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We're going to do the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their starting point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example?
I believe that the arts and cinema can maybe fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll notice that the nuances and the authorities are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think why people are moved with the film -- and I'm going to talk about the story of Hawaii, why would you get to the images?
Because it evoke something that, in a sense, has lost.
That's why my recommendation, the only thing to give, is Cameron, make``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alabama, the YouTube trends manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today, we'll see why videos become viral and what important it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper authority in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a saint.
They go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage is made viral, it gets infinite of vision and control.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, communities of participation and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Charles Garden: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, wow!!
KA: Last year, Charles Verre published this filming video outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the wake of the past summer.
Sughar is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called``Yosemite Mountain Beard . ''
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this piece that would trigger the video to popularity.
The creators of trends like Jimmy King introduce us, and interesting things, and they spread them to a broader public.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday, you've got to start Friday . Everyone wants it to get on the weekend, weekend, Friday, start the Friday . KA: They won't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Just like``rainbow silence ,"this video seemed to have arisen from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it and lots of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Times Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter video.
But the point is that a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a view of view and share it with a broader audience, speed up the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasites of``Friday"in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the 20th century of the 20th century, this communal participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon, increasing it or doing something new with that.
\" High Di"is a repetitive animation with a recent music.
That is, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a version of three hours that you've seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were remix.
Somebody did a version of the old.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we're not just enjoying, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``rainbow song double ,"or Rebecca Clarie or``Ryan Cat"?
What script could you have written that would contemplate this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that, really unique and unexpected can be found out the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great clip of a guy who protest against girls in New York, I admit that I don't get too interested.
Casey High: I was killed by not circular by the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevented you directly by the bike.
KA: Thank you for the surprise and his humor, Casey History made that five million people see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for everything new that we do creatively.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Charles Gary: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creators, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the media of the media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still getting off.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communist companies come in, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, are now stretching.
It was retreated in silence.
He died for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to adapt them, but we captured it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they dawn off the sea.
My mother, Masa, had just 18 years old when her father died, and a marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that she couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old range that defies fiction, a boat was taken into the disguised sea of fishing.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a jar with poison.
If you caught us, we would take my sister and I, and then, and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the weight will dive in every wave, and the horizon and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pirates that came several times, but they were deceived with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't scratch for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we tested in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations giving a life new together.
We set up in Rotterdam, a working-class bubble whose population is made of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence of me, in Rotterdam, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the genetic fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: They were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree in IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to take, which was generally new clothing; it was always second-hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful sing about the``a horrific eyes"and some graffiti,``cosmetic, come home . ''
To home, where?
Something in me was hardened.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get you up . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we sat on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, and then he studied to be autistic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and inflection, and armed children trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical Asian student, relentless with what I was dependent with.
On the other hand, I was invested in early, tragic lives of violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of attorney, I was elected by the young Australian of the year.
And I was stuck from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So,``Anthropology ,"`` School ,"it was now so surgerity, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the living of life in a super-corporation -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and becoming asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she got on the boat.
The``No"was never a choice.
\" Hello ,"he said,``and don't be what you don't . ''
So I talked about youth and education and education and propositions.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was applied to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a career career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived one, new on the scene -- and not just that it's okay, but it's something to be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being in it, it can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accepting the predictions of your province.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world gets destroyed, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed, they were tremendous.
There was an energy there, a positive optimism, a weird mixture of humility and bravery.
So I kept my intuition.
I assembled a small group of people for whom the motto``can't do"was a resilient challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, it made a giant wave of soup that we all shared.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My hunch is again.
Three months later, I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the confusion was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew it alone.
At 17, he became a condition of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
Without the support of his husband, it caused a stir to demand and take the cause itself, and much more often caused when you win.
He can't do it to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the wrist of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to fire.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Rotterdam and sat around their casket.
We told them stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night, a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand is hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" Don't have it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have done easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for itself?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a little bit in your life, rising brave in every wave, the constant rhythms of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could put it and see it, I would.
Try Nina and also the mother's mother is today, on the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singers Martin Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days, when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Indian, the great Indian prince warrior, was thirsty, took a bow and with a arrow on the ground, got water.
Now we do the same with puppies and machines.
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was very sad.
Every time I felt a little bit more about technical.
I was terrified with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a warning if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't Tweet my friends.
I thought technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket replacement of pocket.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and sub-conservatives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They face our inspiration.
So I launched, I threw into this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It's books books since the 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative of storytelling able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes more and more mortality.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch 18th, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on each light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
At various moments, a card hit me -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we abuse children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, light up your way into what's the rest of the book.
Another idea I was fascinated with as a child was that a whole galaxy is going to be a ticket.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ticket that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every single book of fantasy, there's always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, wild and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the traits.
We've all heard of the fairies and the projections, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the passwords?
These poor passengers have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and humid book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that's treating current issues like environmental crisis.
And by talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, they pasted their P.C . -- they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: from sticks, stones, colleagues and shells.
For some reason, kids don't.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
This way you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey today . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we used to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on it, and actually augmented, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them out to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology closer to each other.
Let's take advantage of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many Sandina projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the National University was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she was walking a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients, family and acquaintances, what happens?
\" How can we help?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that everybody, or maybe not all, but most of the supporting projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi muscle . It's very simple.
It's got a light bulb.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head physician has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need weather assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you, you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my cartoon Wi-Fi, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me,``Listen, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From next week, it will be available.
This little grandmother connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, come back to recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the costs of medicine, the disability of demand and other issues.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by a control.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them on our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM are in My marketing.
Where they're all the gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest Desert to help this patient?
We asked, but no one knew.
Nobody knew where to get the Dylan saving lives right now.
What we did was we did a recording in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public that: if you look at a Design, please send it, you leave where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 TEDTalks were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an application to Larry, augmented reality, to find these Desnoschop.
And every time you're in the city of Michael and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use your cell phone to find the nearest Desnoschop, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this, not just like Desnoschop 40, which is the name of the product, but also as Devances.
And we wish to start it globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the OECD Center around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and somebody else, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these Design.
They could be a message services or telephone people, for example, to see if the Design that shows is still in place.
Please save us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it photography?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
I was interested by photography, and I woke up with my first digital camera at age 15.
He mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a picture with a camera, the process ends when the auditorium is pressure.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the very moment.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the thinker.
photos like this: a construction on a very transferred road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say, I mean, photographer.
Because of course, it's not something that can capture, but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you're going to have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Does it intervene light?
What does illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But ultimately it's about how we interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundation is very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that is still three-dimensional; as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think that they are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photography is very important to consider, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make you impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And because I thought this idea in winter knew that he had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even made the house on the top of the island so that it would seem harder.
So to get a realistic result, I think it's necessary planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a folder mine.
I'm not going to show you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Nixon microprocessors versus the power of the local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many other ones that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude in the scale of performance.
Talking about technology with community curves is a new thing.
Something bizarre happens here.
And that's what I'm just going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we do technology curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to draw, the diagram would look like something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if I plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a self-design curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would move as fast as the microprocessors, last tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a promising growth that every few years ahead of magnitude orders.
The question I want to ask is -- look at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until something completely different, or maybe will do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, is, what is that new way that you embrace the world?
What is the new state to the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember that the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
That's a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition could be that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term stuff.
The time scale in which I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that these chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside of it.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the blobs grew up.
They started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms; those oil droplet.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide an unequal distribution of chemicals that they contain.
So every photograph was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow have been differentiated by being better at trying to incorporate the chemicals around the chemicals; they grew more, they get more chemicals and more divided.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand these photographs really learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 250 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here's 100 millions of white dust that I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA clip, and it amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for everyone in the present -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a candy, it would have put it in a virus, and it would have been replaced by the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the cell communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them down to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that were in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, so if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were getting more and more favorable by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they joined and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscle of muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved, and they produced more interesting levels than cellular, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started abstract information.
And to build very special structures that were not more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitted information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and was sick the last time it ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because before they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those accelerated information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here and I'm sitting here, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusion, in your heads that I would guard some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we converted it into sound, in sound sequence, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our delivery methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the Devounds and so on . It's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
They already saw the evolutionary spectrum of Ted in which I produced some evolution with the progress program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feedback; I suppose it's the right word to name something that speed its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process resourced.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know what every transistor in that machine is.
There are billions.
Instead, with designers at China Machi designers, we think a level of abstraction, we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that couldn't be done, it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please, computer, can you run 100 million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, run all these programs, and take those that are more likely to approach to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers into the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did?
Let's take those and we remove the rest.
And we now reproduce the ones that the numbers ordered.
And we're going back to reproduce it by following a projection process to sex . ''
Let's take two programs that will bring children, which are insertiately exchanging, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please do the process . ''
It's ratings again.
It puts some mutations.
And I try again, and I repeat with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers completely perfect.
In fact, they are programs much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, dark programs.
But take a match.
In fact, I know, I've got the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Virgin Michael, and he pulled out a card and he says,``Look at this.
It says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight ."Doesn't you feel quiet?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster.
So it's feedback.
The thing is getting faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are transported.
We're taking off.
And we're at an analog moment to the mobile organisms when they became multicellular.
We're the amoebas, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now the lunch comes, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've exercise the time enough to allow me to be part of my fake bias on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for coming out of the rules, and he talks about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the average.
And we talked about 300, from a record that's $300.
That means that the diver is effectively fatal, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being caught, and that anybody who tries to launch it to the first base, don't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three of 10.
You know what they call a 300 speaker in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a 100,000 baseball hunter?
By the way, that's somebody who's 10 taps, four.
And Julian -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League League, to execute more 400 strokes in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I will tell you today.
Suppose you've got them, and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 record in sports.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a place, and a loved being has two destructive coronary arteries, and your family doctor is attached to a cardiologist whose English record is 200.
But you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their events have been 750.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart of a heart or orthopedic surgeon, from a nurse or a self-designer device?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the signs of a good surgeon, a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, however, is to send them the world, and I include, with the mandate of being perfect.
Never, ever, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was at the medicine school.
I was a modern manager student.
Once, a fellow at high school said that Brian God studied to a blood exam.
Which.
I studied in my little afternoon, in the nurses of nurses in Toronto General, not far from here.
And I learned everything about memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the north, the diagnostic diagnosis often and the non-in-life.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney shark grass.
And as it got more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And from school school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or as possible, close to everything, because this is how I'm going to motivate myself from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Google.
I was a resident in college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the Supreme lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At the time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you choose to go to a cardiologist, I touched that patient.
And I'll report the boss of residents.
When I saw Miss Google, I was dropping.
I heard a bright sound.
And when the ambulance, I heard a broken sound on both sides, which led me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of breaking the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are blood filling, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave them a little bit, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I made the first mistake, he sent him home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent him home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't have what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult him with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to provide complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident who required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send him home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said,``Goldman, is not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I had to ask the nurse that he took the Algerian lady,``Do you think it's okay if he goes home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it's going to be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the ambulance had taken him home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the parking, where I was my car to go home, and I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there's another nurse, not the one that's taken from Mrs. War before, but another one . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency physicians fear.
Other specialists also fear them, but there's a particular one in transformative, and it's that we see the patients manually.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Because she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was good.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
After an hour of having come to his house, after I was given the high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, and the ambulance brought them to emergency with a $50 blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff sets all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and satisfied to the spinal cord.
He had a sense of feelings because after they stabilize it was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope it would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were supported to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let go . Mrs. War, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by it and I experienced for the first time the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture and felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves teaching.
The malaria embarrassment that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that we did wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't by my boss; he was a charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I'm sure things I would make sure that they wouldn't be entertained.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly, that feeling was discussing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was recording the efforts to be perfect, not to make any more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And that was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was a help in the emergency department in a community hospital to Northern Toronto, and I received a 15-year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
He looked at his throat, I was a little bit colorful.
I read penicillin and sent him home.
But as he left the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard shift, my boss asked me to speak with me peacefully in his office.
And he announced the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
And he came back and didn't have a cardiologist.
He had a potentially deadly effect called emotion.
You can Google it . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He's been administered by antibiotics, and it recovered in the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and selection, then I was relieved and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Twice in the same room of emergency, it didn't diagnose.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a neglected.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
They order a reform of kidneys, but it was normal, a colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid, and I asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it, and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, he called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was tormented, I was sleeping.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and like a lot of colleagues say, it's a park.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this to don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a trauma in my hospital gained the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that have minimal outcomes and those who have great results.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay safe.
But that brings two problems.
Within 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical records and medical errors to learn what I possibly was, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto School to my show,``White Charles, Black Art, Black Art . art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or desertification is not right . In a system where inheritable infections are increasingly, and more numerous, getting chaos and death.
In this country, it's going to die 24 Canadian children in medical errors.
U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about crude Starbucks, because we're not developing the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
And sleep deprivation invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes crazy with tears, and with alcohol to alcohol, and suddenly, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always.
And my patients are not cars . They don't account their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as we were taught, and we eliminated all the professional professionals to mistake, well, no one will stay.
And what about people don't you want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my show,``White Charles, black art ,"it's a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody, from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"and drive the microphone to them
And his students would stop, they would go back, and they would take the head and they swallow out and they start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't commit the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a health culture culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical physician is human, it's human, it's about it, it's not proud of their mistakes, but it's strive to learn what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support to all benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings direct the system, and when this happens, you make mistakes of time in when.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, a mistakes.
And I feel so much, but I strive for learning something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much in a week?
I recently did a survey of more than 2,000 people, and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American, it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in an investigation followed for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are driven by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they do 300,000 jobs a week.
Now, naturally, every work included a lot of minimals.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How does the way it manage those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choice to choice.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive for the favor of a pat.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was representing this very, very high supermarket, at least at the time, was very sophisticated.
It was called Descarte's.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 bottled water, and this was when we took the faucet water.
I loved going to that store, but at a occasion I asked me, why never buy anything?
This is the sweet of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from millennia trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists who came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the supermarkets.
hallway.
They had 36,000 different classes.
We installed a position to track, right to the entrance of the store.
We put there off the seals of six tastes, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the people who were willing to stop to try to try and try?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a camel.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy the military.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent was bought.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy military if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy market probably, you know, it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gary Harvard, Dr. Kamen and Right Robert, where we saw the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, between 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of hedge supply available in savings plans for retirement , 44 program, we imitated people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 750 plans that were going from two, to 59 different choices.
We found that the greater it was the number of offered fund, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it was.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the greater it was the number of options, the more people were encouraged to avoid stocks or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in the financial market accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three primary negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, and in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though it's objectively going better.
The main reason is we choose to look at that giant variety of mortality, mustard, vinegar and millions, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that impressive exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tested, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, cutting.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
They worry about losing space in the park.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut out, get rid of you, you get weird weird options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll get the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Process & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Global Geographic Corporation removes the products for cats of cats that were less sold, the yields increase in 87 percent, by two causes: bigger sales and lower costs.
The supermarkets are known today, on average offer 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, you offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest spacecraft in the current world is Helindan and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is David January, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically trained to a security fund.
To who really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
These are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot make their clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vacation with all paid to the most beautiful highway in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to get a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
( Multiple applause) Okay . Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Are they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really hit more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can go through and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, that when they use cash?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Hill Berkeley and President Prize, about personal NGO staff who worked in NGO, and these people were in a meeting where they were being slipping up to a 401 plan.
At that meeting, that we're doing exactly as a used, we made a little addition.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that they thought about the positive things that happen in their lives if they saved more money.
With this decrease there was an increase in the 20th percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is Clark.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the Markethone's directions along the edge of the northeast, the magazine exhibition can contain from 330 different types to 166.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two screens of jewelry.
One is called``Japan"and the other,``Supreme . ''
If you think the one on the left is South, and the one on the right is jazz, you have a pat.
( Multiple applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is South, you have a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is San San . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories must indicate something that I choose, not that I define them.
Often you see this problem with those huge list lists.
Of course, who are they informing?
My fourth category: communicating complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you to fully personalize it.
You have to make 60 decisions, to put the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
colors, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of changes -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes , 500 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If it's always done by the default button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or we are losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many choices to a few, they judge the button for the defect over and over again, and another one else.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order where information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, I don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, in all ways we prepare to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more attached to the process.
It's to summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice overload: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; concrete, making it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; to tell complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who serve.
I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful by picking.
And the more careful we are in our choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Middle East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, I had to record it to the government.
He had to register an example of an example written with the machine.
And so the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much that this will limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having yellow yellow dots on each page that follows a pattern that makes them themselves from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be thrown out for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can support the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
They are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Carnie University of the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The magnetic cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money, huge amounts.
There are really many cases of millions online, billionaires, who won money with their attacks.
This is Mark Saturn, from Torah, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gonzalez.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is British South.
These are Matthew Anderson, Audience Altahosah and so on and so on.
These guys make their fortune online, but they do it by illegal media by anti-profile anti-participants to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, freezes the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jane, and this account had 11 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain sounds standard; it was unknown.
And I say that today is more likely to be a victim of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker attacks that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have evolved in the last 12 months, occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main singers: criminals who make it for money, the accidents like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments who attack.
And then we see cases like Darwinian.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Now, I'm going to digit is a productivity authority of the Netherlands or, actually, it was.
It's the last fall because of a lawyer.
They orbit the safety of the site and they spread a cyberattacks.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found plausible the death of people because of the attack to Darwinian.
And the answer of him was yes.
So, how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a protective authority.
They sell certificate.
Why do you serve the certificate?
Well, you need if you have a website with treatments, you have encrypted services, services like Gmail.
Except that they intercept a foreign protection authority.
And they're going to be killed by creative certified.
And in the case of Huntington, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took off the debt of the secret secret police in April 2011, and during the collapse of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers, there was this folder called``Ninabutan . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian Egyptian government to intercept large-scale communications communications.
They had sold this tool by 8,000 euros to Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
So Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago, the Army Stanford, used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervene.
But today, it goes beyond.
The Internet is intercept to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like the Angeles County to infect our computer with an economist to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When we think carefully in things like the obvious answer should be``Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I am an honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play privacy.
Privacy is not dispute.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, whatever right we're going to do today, will forever.
Would we trust myself in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the South National Park of Nairobi.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has not close to the largest part of the South, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to track them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot about lions.
They're dying them are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think there are so few of the National Park in Nairobi.
A child in my community, at age six, is responsible for the cattle of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that actually it didn't serve, because even helping the lions to see the email of far.
I didn't quit . I continued.
A second idea was to use a scanner.
I was trying to trick the lions so they believed it was near the board.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the stairs, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing isn't moving, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the chart with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to learn with and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
So I got everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box, and I call it a transformative.
And the Indian box makes the lights melt.
As you can see, the lightbulbs go out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
And the lights flash and trick the lions to think that I'm walking around the email, but I am sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed her many animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopards, and also being used to raise elephants of farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Johnny International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a kid in the sides of the savanna crawling the cows of my father, and I used to see planes flying, and he said that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Oh, there's the one . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship . Richard Australia: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
LT: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA: A electric fence?
LT: I know that the electric fence was invented, but I want to make mine.
CA: So, you try it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Street, you're a big thing.
We're going to be encouraging in every step that I have, my friend.
Thank you very much . LT: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Don't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Protocol, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
But I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're sitting together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A lifeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms watching his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently, the power cuts, all around me was entirely at dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Marine River, which serves from boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very ancestor at certain points, allowing us to cross to cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I sent China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a normal refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Chinese refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became true, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and was interested in the police station.
Somebody was accused for being normal, then they tested my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and broken.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, a officer told another,``This was a false report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some people in China are looking for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and the sports.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, antibiotics are captured in China and deported North Korea, where they're tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, the whole world can fit in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I Korean or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride.
Even though I adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I started studying for the income test to university.
Just when I started to adapt my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and, as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outskirts.
They had to immediately flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identification of everyone, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, capitalism stood up, and I told him that they were students who was playing.
I looked absolutely, but fortunately, I thought.
We did all the way to the Ross border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in L.A.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border.
After paying for women and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and locked up again in the capital of X.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything for free my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was arrested in prison by the South Korea embassy.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or months.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking me,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would ask him to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man was to the ATM, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and to another two North Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the American people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown romance symbolizes a new hope for me and for the American people when we needed it more.
And it showed me that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the ordinary people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But it's only half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or anything of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practice, labor practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us remain in contact with family still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans succeed around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is Central Center: shops of lights, fast food, ballet terrain.
So the planners of the city came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the Southern Architects, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . shops of readers, fast food, bare terrain.
Just like 16 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home from food places to carry and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center South.
For example, obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get home, you see the damaging effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of shopping wheels and sold as cars used.
I see centers of dialysis as Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I'm also able to handle 45 minutes away and go back to buy a apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a dirt of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Google, we set up and start planting our forest forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a group paid by anti-particular personal gardens of all the procedures, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up to me, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the victory was made of court.
And I said,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that no one cares?"So he was like,``Well, take it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Pier, and he talked to the CEO and one of Green Grands members who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 firms, we were a success.
We had victory in our hands.
My heart was even called to say that they supported and adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more batteries.
It's about 68 miles of wild terrain.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 75 million plants of tomato.
Why don't you feel like this?
It will grow a plant to give about 1,000 , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of tasks will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, grow your own food.
It will grow your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me by others, and I'm going to manufacturing my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
As a graffiti artist, that started the walls, I stay soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, it's my understanding of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what the land can do . if you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They're going to be surprised to see the kids.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a fresh.
Also, they get fresh.
I remember a occasion, who came a mother and her daughter, were like 13,000 at night, and they were in my yard, salt and looked very close.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I was embarrassed by looking at people who was so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``Don't you fear people will steal your food? ''
I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid to steal it . ''
That's what it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health back . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
They were these guys, and they helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how it changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Facebook has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow the street, the kids will eat the street.
If you grow tomatoes, they eat tomatoes, but if none of this is taught, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and the body, they eat blind blind people.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, who doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are dealing with their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carnival.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to bring containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to underpin it.
What I'm talking about is to make people work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become an evolutionary vulnerability, standards, stock gardens.
We need to change the script of what an investment is.
If you're not a garden, you're not an urge.
That the sensors take their agree?
That's his choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit on comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some crap.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Martinal sound) ) (Piano noises) You'll probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a large amount of water in the asphalt that you have.
And especially if you're sitting on your bike and these cars pass, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so the whole rainwater flow down to the side and they'll have a road that's easy to drive, and they will never move water.
Noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of.
What is getting rid of? You see, in this road, the stone stones are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can give you your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bump with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Giants, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage is happening in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of anxiety between the stones.
Because of the uncertainty, the ultraviolet light, the diagnostic, this slope, this gentlement, the glue between the acids, will be collected, and if it's shrunk, they will become restricted and separated from the add.
So, if you drive the road, you'll pull out the clustered -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-repair materials.
If we can make this material collection, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, that to clean water, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to cook -- a machine of induction.
Education can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button will flow through these cracks and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big instrument machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they donated us a piece of road , 400 meters from the 1964 freeway, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm . That's what we know about practice.
We take lots of samples on this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them with our induction machine and repair them, and we went back to testing them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of induction to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface, and actually you can save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of if this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before I can show you how it acts.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the paper in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was taken from Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags to seem like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us adopted in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
They were following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total instrument of a remote province of Afghanistan -- insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father had taken it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his entire family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . you can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So do you still want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bump, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Colemic College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exploited from his home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate.
He didn't just sing from my college title, but I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry him driving around the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of Beijing, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SETI, the first one and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risk for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and even face a daunting opposition.
As Ahmed . It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were on the way from solemn to his village, and literally they escaped being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get home, they're the phone, a voice told him if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
\" Temple me, if you want ,"he said,``but not to harm the future of my daughter for his old and registered ideas . ''
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is frequent often in the West, is that behind most of us who succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of her daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school is told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I'm afraid these changes don't last a lot, after the retreat of the American troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that the animals are, I see a future literature and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and limitless possibilities, and every day the girls of America remember me.
Like me, they dream in big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile:``daughter, resist Gaddafi . Against him.
But you never become a Ranger style revolutionary . ''
They've spent almost two years since the free revolution inspired by the rise of mass mobilization so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with many other adult citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the ironic regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a shame of looking at the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of roughly 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and beat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and antibiotics.
For four decades, the heroic regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of Libya society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved, along many other women, rebuild the liberal civil society, demanding a inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Uganda during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in London.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women's Women, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse guidance, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our rights of participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the property period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is the model of selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 150 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, gradually, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found news news.
One day, we woke up with the news of the ancestor of ancient mosque and Sufi.
Another day with the murder of the American ambassador and the attack to the connectome.
Another day, we wake up with the news of the military murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the militia and their continued violations of human rights and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, gets more polarizing, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at first.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge became the consequences of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our story of the``mental list"success and elections.
I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The monthamic list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion, both for men like women?
Perhaps what failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election of choice, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the collective representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as outrage agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a feminine speech, that not only honor, but also putting the complexity rather than revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, torn by war, desperately needs to reach peace.
Because peace has an illusion that's about the interrelationship and the alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real membrane.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it.
According to a verse of the Koran Clean, the peace --``is the word of God merciful, comparing, compassionate . ''
And at the same time, the word``shooting ,"which is known in all the air traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``phone"-- uterus -- by managing the feminine and motherly, that I went to all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all people have lied.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all existence.
This is what it is like,``My mercy to all the things . ''
So it's called us,``My mercy is reflective about my anger . ''
That everybody's considered the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is what everybody always always do: why is she left?
Why would anyone stay with a man who taped it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no matter in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just been at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the journal Steven.
I had my first apartment, my first green card, American Express, and had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who created my twin soul, pointed me into the head with a pistol, loaded with bullets of spades.
The man, who I loved more than no one in this world, put a gun gun on my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love"story, a psychological trap, disguised of love, where they fall every year, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't think a typical segment of domestic violence.
I'm an English University of Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing at the Charles Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Button and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black slate, and I drive a Manhattan Hollywood Shake.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all the races, all the religions, all levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long duration, or, say, in the families, the last place where we want to find violence, the last place where, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stuck, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, bride and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signs or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night night.
I was sitting next to my side at the subway of New York and started to flourish with me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he had just died from a University of the Ray League, and he worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
He had big wishes like apples, and a wheat blonde hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple.
He did it especially at the beginning putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved everything of me: that it was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who was passionate about helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know all about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that was why the literature in that prestigious school and work at Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and to do the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dream work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a crazy love, which was coming into a physical trap, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And this is where those riots come in.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congo was supposed to have to feel so safe was bought three guns.
One had it in the car's glove.
Another one was stuck under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said I needed those riots because of the trauma that I lived from small.
He needed them to feel safe.
But those riots actually were a message for me, and I had never raised my hand, my life was already seriously dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the change.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend's girlfriend.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we lived happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very regretted.
I just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding, and for the fact of a family with me.
I had been a isolated accident, and I would never make harm.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that he earned several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, it was absorbed by traffic and threw a Big Mac into the face.
I was still paying for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or harassment at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I'm going back to my question: Why was I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply tormented man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo in front of their demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why doesn't it just march?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a storyteller.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has launched the relationship, after leaving, because then the vaulter has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the vaulter has become married, the denial of financial resources, and manipulation of the family system of family to land the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend time not super-correction with the man who beat their mother.
And we still keep asking why doesn't it go?
I was able to be able to get me, because of a last passion, I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had been allowed.
So I broke silence.
I told everybody -- the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypes victims as subject headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours for staying ,"as if the victims will easily choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since he published``crazy love ,"I heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an inevitable lesson of what happened to them and made their lives made joyful and happy lives like employees and wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence.
I went back to marry a tender man, and we have those three children.
I have that black slate, and also that crime.
What I won't have ever more, ever, is a painted pistol pointing my head in someone's hands of someone who says to me.
At this point, the same way you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Dan, how silly it was ,"but all this time I've been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which I'm listening to right now, who are being abused, or that they were a little bit of a little or that they're autistic.
The thermostat could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love in particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They get the abuse to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their scale and show victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I am model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there is a uncomfortable tension in the room, because it shouldn't have dressed that way . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothes on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it appeared, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These caps are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why did I do this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also shallow.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would lock up the back and the hair of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I asked for two days for work, there's very little we can do to transform our aspect, which, although surface and unchanging, has a huge impact on our lives.
So today, for me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my lab sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a sense.
The first question is, how does it be model?
And I always say,``A career discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated it to a high and self-design shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, I mean, I've been able to harness to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers in the fashion that say -- wait . There are Naomi, Gary, Joan Shakespeare, Liu Wen.
First of all, happy for knowing so much of models . It's amazing.
But I unfortunately have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told every single one of the models in the transplant, and the 777 model models hired, just 27, is less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always do is, can it be model when it's higher?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't get that.
But then, what I really would say to each of these girls is, why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a record and a choired surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not at anything, and you could be the reaction chief of the American Revolution or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Melous.
To say that you want to be model, it's like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the authoritarian surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your backs, no matter what you say, that if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``It's underwear underwear for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are played.
And yes, it's virtually played all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
So I fought my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a row party a few days before the French Virgin photos.
Here I am with my football team and in magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, hairdressers, males, photographers and styles, and all of their aid and people in jail and proposition, and they can create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I've got too many and many the heels of 20 inches, and I never use it, except the inside, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a bit of a little driver; he jumped in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and I'm holding a sorry, agents to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privileges for me, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their no matter who are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenagers who were stood and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 777 young young young men in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of being stopped?
But how many times would you stop? And when?
When I was researching for this talk, I found that at 53 percent of the 10-year-old girls in the United States, they don't like their body, and that number rises to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and cool.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative and resourceful people.
And that's true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about it every day.
And if you ever wonder, with some more shock legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more clothes, but they're probably the most intersectional women on the planet.
But especially it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the big enough to join a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who I pulled them out.
There were no artistic directors, no styles, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them were bringing them randomly tourists.
My story begins when, finding me in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what's coming now.
When the third birthday of my daughter came to me, my wife told me, why don't you take New York at a visitor trip and you continue the ritual?
So this is when we started asking the tourists that they would take the picture to us.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied, and fortunately, nobody has gone with the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became sacred for us.
This photo is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reach new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how I perceive and interact with everything.
That in concrete time that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry, and it pointed out a red round of the wrist store that I worship with little old visits.
And I was describing what I had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I thought he remembered his heart to stick with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I am always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask him,``Do you get a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bus is in the most threatened birds.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with definition laughter as personalized, stupid characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following laughter and applause, and these are the attributes that are associated with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment in the environment, the apartments don't help prevent disease spread.
We're often monogamous . They're far from extinct . and, my favorite, the roads have better presence . there are two kinds of bus on this planet.
There are the New World supplies that are mainly found in the Americas, like the drivers and the careers, and the New World War, where we have 16 species -- of these 16 , 11, face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the wars important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural trash collectors.
They wipe the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that not being for them would expand and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no roads, the cadavers take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge implications in the spread of disease.
The roads also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
Abed was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and, along with the cobra, they symbolizes the unit between high and the Grand Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Japan was the dirty god, and he risked his life to save the brand of the destruction of the 1950s.
In the Tibetan culture, they're making a very important burial buried in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these circuits provide a system of natural elimination.
What is the problem with the friendships?
We have eight species of roads in Kenya, which six are at extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason you're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The country communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the scripts are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of roads are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will become extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the cattle consumption that has been treated with a machine drug like the Boston.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there are no roads, there's been a spread on the number of dogs in street diving, and when you have dogs, you have a huge amount of time for failure, and the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : 350 generators are going to be above Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
These are birds of birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead worms to serve the fog and the gay market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the scripts, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them to focus on these very tight creatures, to donate their time to spread the word . It will break the word.
When you get out of this room, you'll be informed on the bus, but talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that it changed from opinion, because he saw them fly effortlessly, without energy spending on the skies.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, young youth, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia . In projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we've played is we analyzed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Forts of the Baby ,"was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the river Kalley, and we teach the locals to grow Italian and pumpkin tomatoes, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help . we were astonished that the local people, in such a fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we are here ."`` Just time to save the people of Zambia in famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa grew up beautifully.
We get these magnificent tomatoes . in Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the families,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were cute, mature and red, overnight, about 200 diagnostics came from the river, and they ate everything, and we said to the mammals,``Oh my God, we're the painters! ''
And the mammals said,``Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought only of us the Italians took mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the pilots.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave people to the trust of Africa.
He wants to read a book, I read``help Death"by French May, economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused.
Just read their book.
I read it from part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are empires, we are team missions, and we treat people just two ways: or we sponsor them, or we're terrorists.
The two words come from the Latin Latin root, which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Polerant, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children .``I want a lot . ''
Back, I treat all of the different cultures as if they were my servants.
So the white in Africa are called``Blaha ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by Shark, who said above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said,``Can you imagine a city that's not great? ''
I decided the 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Ford Facebook, where you never start anything, you ever motivate anybody, but it becomes a stick of local passion, the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It's shut down.
Never gets to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never attending, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the business doctor of business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion into a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Space, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this underground garbage where we got to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects on march, and the government came to me to ask myself,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
And then the government says,``Make it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying from loneliness.
Peter Budgeting, one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Burauth was a professor of philosophy before involved in business, and this is what Peter Burke says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're reconstructing Richard without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk to you.
You have to offer them conflicting, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll come in, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you think?
Local people . That's what you've adapted.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution, fossil, renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution?
The government? Forget it!
They're going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that's in a futuristic journal many, many years ago.
There were a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1960.
And in the 1960s, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was true: New York City didn't exist in 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing at this rate, to move back to the population of New York around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already moving in manure . So, in 1860, they were chatting this dirty technology that would build the life of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 1,100 automotive manufacturing companies appeared , 100,000.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scales, factories in place.
Derek, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conflicting.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, exciting service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth of understanding.
The smaller company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to have a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 world companies of the Carnegie world, Libby, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none was started by one person.
I don't have the word``I ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have families, who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee, in bars with their shrimp dedicated, who will do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone I'm going to ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like statistics, templates and chalk.
These projects emerged from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape?
How do we share our hopes more of the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always found relief with the giant trees that give shadow to lovers, drunk and sophisticated speakers for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this led to me a profound gratitude for the living time.
It gave the meaningful things about my life today.
But I'm glad to keep this look in my everyday life.
I think it's easy to let me catch up the day and forget what really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard, and painted about her sentences to complete,``Before I die I . ''
So the events could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the day after the day, the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be trial for hacking ."`` Before I die, I want to sit on the line of a date change . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the Web . ''
\" Before I die I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
\" Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh, I was arrested, and they gave me a comfort in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scary ways, it's about giving up the reflection and the contemplation, and remembering what's most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues from the civic center we made a kit and now walls in countries all over the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distractions in increase, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Thinking about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as community and more media to share hopes, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
Time is 22, it's high and very handsome.
I don't speak, but they transmit joy better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
I share it everything that happens.
It's not exciting . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remind me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
The most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when each of my iPod's songs came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four, I was going to pee in my arm during the first episode of the September and the Land Gaga birthday.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit to the concept of society, they often are ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, even though you wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, you manifest in a different way, which is that Rio is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the development disorders that are fastest in the world, there is no cause and no cure cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the trenches, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments I'd wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality and communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different does not mean that some of it is wrong.
It just means that there is a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Rio and Sam and to you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- are a gift! Each one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what must have been to be Alice in the Palestinian country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . scared really . scared from these students with their great minds, their big books and their big words.
But when you develop those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
So I just sat when I had these conversations with students, and I was surprised with the ideas that they had, and wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, very simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to ask you: and what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the circles, but they study the horses, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when you're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``spatial and temporary ,"but why not to say``space and time"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them accessible.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways of fitting and excited with their content.
And when you present their work, forget from the signs of``bullet . ''
They've wondered why they call``bullets"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's really supported in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Virgin Brown examples is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the tradition is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, positive phrase that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that appeal to our senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, very simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire English Dictionary is``humble . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``help me"means``dishonest politician . ''
Even though there was an American editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A self-interest ,"is one that looks for a public charge no matter, platform or principle, and when you win, you get it by the use of a self-designer self-designer.
I have no idea what it means``responsibility . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1974 that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament.
And this was all because of the bravery of a guy with the bottom name of Brad Sierra, who confronted Parliament.
They got in the London Tower and they commissioned, but he had the enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first ever recorded use of the phrase,``It's like the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . . It's because of a advocate of freedom of speech.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to return to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that could be identified.
Some of them wanted to call him``The State of State Hill ,"and others,``His Black George Washington ,"and other``Defense from the U.S. People . ''
Not very frightening.
Some simply wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that were monolithic, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a determined deadline.
And I could have served.
The whole world gets married, because this debate is made for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator, and he always wrote,``Still with this subject . ''
What caused the portrait and the point was that the House of representatives was against the Senate.
The House of representatives didn't want Washington to be empowered.
They didn't want to call him King in if he was giving him or his successor ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more insignificant, more unfortunate title that came up with.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . I existed before, but it only meant``somebody who loses a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more than the term``foreman"or``survival . ''
There were massive presidents of small colonial sources and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreign penguins . ''
\" And who will be serious with a title so ridiculous and insignificant as American President? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't predict.
We can learn about three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been fully talking about President's title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says a measure is temporary, it's possible that we keep waiting 32 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the American American title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of unmanned vehicles is not crew and so on.
The reality, and the story has placed the degree of gravity.
So finally, the Senate won.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But you know how many nations have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one's going to feel humble when you tell you that they are now President of America.
And I think that's the big lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, it's actually changing the words that might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but most of all, that cacophony of male and stones, with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap flashlight of bright light attached to the head with this leopard elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that one meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
And my hand was significantly, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, that he lost control and fell freaking meters in that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risk their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Monal Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integral of Fred the Alex, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad; I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this authority of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He took me a stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of Fred the Second and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, it had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would take the dirty tricks.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the entire transatlantic slave.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of a $50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations for $18 , 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false problems of good education and better work to find out that they are forced to work without paying, under threat of violence, and they can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dallas.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a heavy shoe of dust, they mechanically stack bricks in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the air attention to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
So developed by the monotony and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe series was to pee it was pretty useless.
So protecting them were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought,``My camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the diagnostic that I was on my side quickly grabbed me, and he said,``Lisa, don't do . Don't do it here . ''
And I explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on the Stevens and work within the system for their release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles by mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plans were heavier than children who were carrying them, and children were holding their heads with homemade straps made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without payment because this has been that whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers, they raised their freedom, the climbers burned their homes.
When we hear the word slavery often, we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, they warned me that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I had women who had been previously sexually slaves.
They led to me by some sticky stairs that gave this dirty basement, of dim light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was more a restaurant.
And, unfortunately, as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each one is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse from their customers.
And on top of the pen, I remember having felt a hot acute fear, and in that instant, I barely could imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no backdoor doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb.
These people don't have skepticism, and because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the workforce hand.
I visited Indian villages where there were strangers in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait.
The hands of black are the father, the roofs of blue and red, of their children.
They mix ink in these big barrels and dip the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My minister told me his stories.
\" We have no freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 slaves in Lake Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick view.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, doesn't make sense?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trafficked families, disappeared and forced to work on extensive wounds on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight.
When our boat came up, it was shaking; it feared that his little canoe was transformed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water.
The branches of the trees of the trees in the Lake lake often trap networks and children, freedom and with fear, are thrown to water to unleash the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, it's not going to flee, and as a whole life has been treated with cruelty, it's essentially treating the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they lifted the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the cold and version night.
And it's going to point out that these nets weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which Fred the Dutch is recording victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes possible.
Who will get because of somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
It's driving by a road in Ghana with the partners of Rosling the Allende, a colleague with his motorcycle and his car suddenly accelerate and holds our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it by a land path to the forest.
At the end of the road, he was invited to come out of the car, and I asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed out this visible path, and he said,``This is the way, this is the way . Go . ''
As we started to go down, we took the threats that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour, we found that the road was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we walked into these waters to the chest.
After two hours on the road, the monkey walked automatically in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were full of slavery workers.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in the water with mercury.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a place in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at their eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have to go up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy steps of stone that then they'll be transported to another area where they will wash the stone in order to extract the gold.
In the first sight, the site seems to be full, dangerous men, but if you look closer, the margin we see to work at least lucky and also children.
These are all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the invention of mercury in a few years.
This is Manhattan . When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Rufus inherited the debt of the uncle what force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Bandura has tuberculosis, and yet it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
Yet, he dream about being released and educated with local activists, like Rose the Birds, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me so much respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will be afraid of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these many beautiful people, battered, that I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force is going to turn a fire and that fire shine light over slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom we do it: we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We get rid of the viruses of the ballet and the tapestria dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial application that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, they destroy this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Alexander who, in his time, was a virtual dancer dancer dancer.
In the last few years, a lot has been progress in treatment.
However, there are 63 million people in the world that are sick and have to deal with an incurable, problems, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective and, ultimately, the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and closed metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do . It has never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic, and what if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend James African.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal cords.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds by talking, and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet, because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes . The George, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as vibrating, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the way down, you can see an example of irregular mission of vocal cords.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspiration after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are skillful . Well, but also the seed tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be addressed.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
It's minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets such a low cost, it goes on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive result of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, very large-scale displays.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first caregivers of disease before it's too late.
So, when the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Along to Occupy and Actual Achievements, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 billion people in the world.
Anyone, with without Parkinson's, can call a low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you might say who's healthy and who is not?
What would you take out of these samples?
Max Latin: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MW: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for the factors of confusion to look for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MW: Much more than that.
Actually, my student members, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network, also, which drives the project . now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: novel and nine . Well, it's a improvement.
RL: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Louis, public.
MW: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic challenges in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin thin models even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticized ourselves in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans Tombo, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew that we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May went to American.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the activity of the 200,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of water recorded over 24 feet tall, and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take rubble from the channels and the sheep.
We cleaned schools . We take the slime and leave the houses to be renewed and recycled.
We take tons and tons of fish, failure, rotten from the local factory.
We went up and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and photographs of photos and cameras and cards.
Everybody did the same.
You pick them up and take them to different places from the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
As you go from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to completely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village rescue center.
He helped clean the regular toilets, the huge, giant bathtub.
This place turned out to be the place in the village where the parking center picked the photos.
And there they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I was going through my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some who were over a hundred years ago, some of them still were in the lab on the lab, and I couldn't avoid thinking as a farmer how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started playing pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too frustrated, but where the water had doubled the face of the girl, it had to be addressed with a lot of precision and healthy.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photo photo.
With the time of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more fishermen, this is that I entered Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized to Regular, a neighboring town in northern Idaho.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you were trying to give them a different story, it depends on the assumption of the photographers of the photos.
It could involve an hour . I could get weeks.
It could be months.
This kilogram had to basically draw hand by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in seawater, covered from bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the time of time, and then clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky to hand.
We have a black neighbor guide.
It's very easy to damage even more pictures.
As Channel once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these photos was lucky in relation to the photos.
He had begun to clean her, but she stopped to realize that she gave them even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in a single photo and play the full picture.
When he picked his photos, he shared something from his story with us.
A colleagues of his husband found the photos in a born of firemen between the rubble far away from where he used to be home, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sound.
Their young children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them stayed trapped in the water.
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those photos were the best gift I could do, something he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that wouldn't have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of thousands of them helped us clean hands from more than 35,000 photographs, the vast majority of them, and the vast majority came back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families of completely restorative and backward photos.
During this time, we actually don't spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most in the ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
This is about this project, to restore small bits of humanity, to return to someone's connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to someone, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the fishermen.
Some of them connected them to something larger, giving back something, using their talent for something that are not perfect skin models.
So to end this email, I'd like to read this email, and I sent it down the day I went back from Japan after six months.
As I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, moved me around a baby, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter newborn, hangs on our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Eden inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that went through an apple in an exhibition of just one millionth of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: the photographer -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and off in a second of a second, or it's, in various crowds, you'll create a picture of photons from just a millimeter.
And that packet of photons, that bullet, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet, and this picture of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do you disperse those photons inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a student is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research . there's a lot of things in this movie, and I'm going to give this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a packet of photons that starts to play it, and inside, it starts firing.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started to see these ripples.
A lot of the photons finally get to the ground and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that's bouncing inside.
In that time, the waves travel around the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see on the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflections concentrate.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it go the same distance and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit at that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a moving slow slow.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that would be taken from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, thinking, of a manufacturing at once, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at the more time, you'll notice that as the light is made of the tomato, it's still bright . It doesn't be dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside, and it comes back after several pounds of second.
In the future, when this pregnancy is in your mobile phones, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify whether the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a photo at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we'll take a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so I'll just go into some light.
We send that bullet, that packet of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very fancy sync, we take these gigabytes of data and we're able to build them computers that I showed you.
We can take all those raw data and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . But bounce, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, there is our membrane.
Behind the wall there is a herd and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Geographic.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our memory has unique capacities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So, we know the distances to the door, and also even the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what extent.
By projecting a laser, you can record a photo in gross, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple protections of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build telescopes able to see the inside of the body crawling cracks, and the same thing for the spreads.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about the photographer as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems for the next generation.
As Doc Electronics, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of flexible photography.
And I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific visualization.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billions of second.
But here's something funny, too.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, you get away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have weird effects . Einstein would have love to see this picture.
The order of events happening in the world sometimes appears to the camera.
By applying the behaviors of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile cell, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, climb it up and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a gossip of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change.
This is the 1989 fall . Imagine if all these people gathered that they protest in search for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Keep them.
Raise your mobile, keep them up!
Keep them . A Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . They almost all have a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile phone, and how life was changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 distributions of information.
Beautiful data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
It's the databases of data.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information information.
Who is calling who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet providers.
And all across Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out on the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, don't fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be Stage 2.0.
The East was the secret police in East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use mobile?
So I asked my phone, Jewish Temrenaly, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, that please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're collecting my life . ''
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But School Teleconsue said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German National Court failed the inspiration for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CDs there was this.
Thirty and five thousand hundred different lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a 13-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom and get away, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to colony, and how often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate to each other how they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see this all.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sends an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who I was involved in this protest, and if the West had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in effect, neither of the Ice curtains.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information for us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home, tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not moved in fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because business and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me White Sharenand, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, holding the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a mixture of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Al.
The P is not genetic.
It's not authority, and it's not a control.
No one's born the uterus of my mother and not the contract because my parents were cousins siblings, although they are.
Just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas Christmas, are you in the mall, drive in circles for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P C. is just one of them.
If there's a force of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Franklin, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents went to the school system and made sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum grade all the most of my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my heel on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that you would pursue it.
The space that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think about using``hatred Muslims"as a campaign.
The people that I grew up with no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot that was starving during the name.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to help with dusk dawn is very easy.
danced in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, and I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be heard, so if my friends were using heel, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I wasn't going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Canada.
In the summer vacation, often my father was trying to heal me, so I drank my head milk, I was putting hot cups on the back, I plunged in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before you make yoga, it was a tourist comedian that couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold on the head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because he was in all the courses.
It was like the mountain of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the homework tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USDA decided to make a piece called Female very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming the four winds,``At the end of a paper!
I have cerebral palsy!
By the end of free!
Thank God all-powerful, at the end I'm free . ''
I didn't get the paper . they gave him to Sir Brown.
I went to try to run back to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that they didn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, you can't do the character . ''
It was a role that literally was born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a quick story of adding actors without disability for disabled roles.
When I was graduating, I went back home, and my first intergalactic tour was like a nerve on a phone.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be``company"to``better friend friend"in a saint.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, didn't look at me more than the night, and it was obvious to me that the representatives of the paper didn't hire credit, not white, non-interesting.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching May Goldberg, Rome Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
So I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic that I took when he fell in the account that I was at high speed by the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say that I'm the first monkey in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I do know that you never heard that little nasty tumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Alexander, and I launched the New York City Festival Festival, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media, and at the same time remind the conductor directors that Jews and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was kind of invited to the news program accounts behind Keith Adulteral.
I walked into a graduation dance, dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live.
So I cling to the desk desk for not going out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
Eventually I had my opportunity and checking it . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Blair came back to me, but it was like a full-time participation and pasted my chair.
Something funny I learned with Keith Adulte was that people on the Internet are scum.
Children are said that children are cruel, but they never get rid of me or a child.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a tool object.
You see clips online with comments like,``Why do you shake? ''
\" Is it delayed? ''
And my favorite:``Poor stressed terrorist . .
What disease has it?
We really should pray for it . ''
One reviewer suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: a bank, the comedian, the paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't do from Benjamin, then Gene can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yes, clap, man . Go.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most secrets in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would encourage less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My traffic journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet flower by the Honth Leban colleague and the Color Rose Australia.
I came to act in a film with Adam College and to work with my grief, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I went around the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was very focused on the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And he founded``The Children of House ,"an organization charity to give children refugees a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and I'm doing this talk to her memory.
It's peace.
I call me White Sharenand, and if I can, you too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village.
I don't know their name, but she does know her story.
It lives in a small town to the South of Somali.
This village is about Marshall.
The drought pushes the small village to poverty and the edge of the nation.
Without anything to him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mayan, Somalia capital.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Marsharin.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you're approaching a gentleman who offers him to take her to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They present a young man.
It finally goes home.
A new life begins.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mayan, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That child from that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were to the Santana, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him limited?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him . .
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call``the waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young urban urban, who were defending riots in Johannesburg, they were describing riots in London, which look for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of waiting, the gateway of access to terrorism, violence, to the gang, will be the story of the 2.0 cities.
And in my hometown, Massachusetts , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Marshall last month, and I went to visit the Media Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital internal hospital thinking, what if I'd never gone?
What if I had forced me to be in that same``waiting period? ''
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to harbor a juvenile leader in a corporate company.
It gathered about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to University University, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, who was a graduate, unemployed college, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mahatmatica, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You saw an opportunity and it took it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started millions of local residents to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motorcycle, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story differently?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's corporate spirit, and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
The young woman will be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Muhammad, a florist.
I was helping to train some of the young people on the summit of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first Florida that Mayan has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, we were from plastic send from foreign.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of fascinating and floral design.
He created a farm in the outskirts outside of Massachusetts, and he started to grow up the telephones and lithium, which according to say, could survive the hard climate of Archimedes.
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding, creating gardens at home, and the city companies, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mayan.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the pink pink.
He doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is inspired young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be transformative from change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They developed business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put on their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, black the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His park of peace, that's what it calls, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They even hired children from the street to help rent rent and keep the motorbikes for him.
He gave them a chance to escape the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people into entrepreneurs, they lean up and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace than the genes and waiting waiting.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad at the Campaign mountains, a saving area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves glow like a traffic, and not to be the path that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step through that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a shed in a vision with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the board, there was a trash, about four feet square with apple hearts and aluminum sheets, and old heat.
And I was hooked, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The guns that were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought it was going to clean their garbage?
That question followed with me, and a little bit simplified.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where they say,``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health cleaned our trash, which is about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What is it like to use the uniform and bring that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their strengths and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a curator of garbage.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And he operated mechanical stunts and bar snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as dominant as you think, and in the days that it's very strong, you used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, the waste collection is one of the most dangerous participants in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and into traffic all day, and they go through you.
They just want to pass, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implication of garbage.
When you get out of the top, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste readers are the most important workforce in the streets in the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health players.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective way every day, this begins to spread from their container containers and your inherent dangers are threatening us in very real ways.
We had diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the economic engines start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing her relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed of daily daily.
With that, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't fix, clean, or take with us our coffee cup, our bag bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will get to it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I believe, is almost tragic.
They're in the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow should always stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the generation of a waste collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little son, and he lowered the stairs running, and there was a man doing their recycled paper journey like all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``Let's be okay.
Let's be okay . ''
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection, and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Pauling was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and traditions.
I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the ultimate architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystal coating generates heat inside, so it's a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame by bringing a very rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I really got involved with the old market that is this open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, apply these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspired the site, which is located in an area of much growth in the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in a hundred meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs from the building.
And this extends with an absolute atrium that creates an outdoor space in the building that is protected, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to an concrete shell with drilling to allow the air input, and also the light, but in a leaked way.
And then we're inspired by these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dress.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that let the air go and the light in a way controlled inside the building.
And this is made by these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the mall, because at the end of the mall there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economical, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary air.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy power for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these bumps on the roof, which collectively collect water for the indoor health.
It's expected for principles next year, because we go through the fifth floor of building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a big project, the biggest one I've designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a $1,000 structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best guidance for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's subsequently, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and so a natural ventilation.
So we hold a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with playgrounds, and then on the lower plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density at higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like giving the community the occupied space.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and socializing, and make activities such as running a course of two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, you're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change to the local communities and economies at the same rate that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important looking at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl came into our class . It was so remarkable, as all new girls see.
He had big amounts of hair very bright, and a small, small light of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the capital capitals, very good for photography.
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I treated my sinister plan.
I was a time after the exit of school, and I was a little late, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was off, I went out, walked into the classroom, took from the table of my teacher, the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some of them.
All the way, and I went back to the book, but, to see, some of my other colleagues had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows out of Ed and myself a row of this, just to be there, because I could ...
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was fascinated by the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for photography.
I was intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so problems.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also the primates . The blue birds are very property.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of English murder in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab that the hairs are in all possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Because there would be no analog, it wouldn't be``Design . ''
There would be no ready king, no``The thousand and a hour . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
The reading lists of high school would disappear, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Fortune ,"there would be no``Syllabs ,"and``Stanish ."We would miss``Madame Barbary"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there is no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them.
This year is spent 100 years of his masterpiece,``In pursuit of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy and also of ordinary competitiveness, mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magical magic in tea.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia University said were as hard as cats.
I don't know what the cat cake is, but we assume it's super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy -- the jealousy and Protection.
Is it going to be very obvious, like the hairs, which are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their impediments, are a very solid narrative?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the time of storytellers and audience, we know exactly what the details will include, to nail the knife, right?
The hairs make us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give him pleasure, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Ivan detects on his lover, adds him to his collection of torture of torture in his private camera.
You have to admit that Stanford and Proust were notoriously jealous.
You know, the Proust's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right?
The balls are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the jealousy?
The jealousy is falling from information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The hairs like the big quantities of bright hair and the cute and small level of pencils.
The jealousy is taken from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . He struggled to link the language right with the language of the jealousy.
When Stanford is in his classroom, suddenly I listen behind the doors and bribe the reservations of his lover, then defending those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think that this is disgusting, but it's not different than an old text interpretation or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that the hairs look intellectually and make us look like absurd, but in their model, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . in fact, to the extent that Protect gets more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: these were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal ourselves.
And is there any other excitement that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other excitement that reveals us our aggression, our awful ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at with such peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young day that was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was low suspicious without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Do it smile too much, or do you go through a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the contamination of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs do to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And because of this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to do violent or illegal acts.
The hairs drive us to behave in totally intelligent ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at eight, I recognize it . But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 12-year-old woman was caught by having created a false account on Facebook from the one who was sent to live, horrible to herself, for a year.
For a year . a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, they reacted to admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What huge, even though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Arishmell Reech.
Himbah is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The Tanism Mr. Reet ,"books that deal with how the hairs, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be drilling in an instant.
Take Robert Robert, his most famous character.
Tom Reef: Tom Reech's going to want, or want what you're going to learn from you, and to stand up what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Locky.
I can't give you the world, as much as I would.
It's a shame, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
Are the novels showing us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to 2003 of Baker Street and ask for Selber Holmes.
When people think about LOLcats, they think about the curse in Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [unclear] Lester, the head face of Socception Adam, who needs Lagos desperately, needs the genius of Holmes, but she bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
He needs its help, but it feels, and bubble with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The TED Travel adventure ,"once you go into it, they dazzling all of the solution, Palm goes back to Lagos and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. hurt.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at Caroling Adam who wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see L.A. in history . I think this is very emotional . that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Law is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, President allows you to admire that idea of being him the meaning.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the hairs are really a geometry issue, just a question of where we're allowed to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel about the spread of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the contingency plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort.
Only the fiction is destroyed the jealousy.
The fiction used to be domesticated, invited them to the table.
And look at what it goes, the sweet sweet, the President Tom Robert, the crazy, the same Mars Proust . .
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and described on the Sahara Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray gray gray was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
They walked on their surface, which Dorge after Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 38,000 pounds of old rock, and something that 24 would be afterwards, a new sense of the smallness and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some people ask, why the moon?
Why do we turn it into our target?
And you might also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why do I fly over the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Man: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West in the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological technologies.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, polio eradicated, and smallpox.
Technology seemed to be what Alvin Tubilous in 1970 called``active force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing boat, but in 1969, the Apollo's crew is 10 miles away.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has evaporated by looking at the problems that we imagine that technology would solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be intractable.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 show.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the escape tube from the rocket Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that,``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have distracted us, and they would have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a personal explanation in Silicon Valley, which is confess that has created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Metrologist.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused that the creation of transformative ideas is changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were in their logical point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
You've always had problems to invest with technology in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term . They have never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems, because political systems fail.
Today less than two percent of the world's energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the driver.
We want alternatives of alternative energy that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will incentivize the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we're going to see a U.S. policy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famine is the result of failure in the food supply.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food supply, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war for cancer in 1971, but we soon found out that there are many cancers, some terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can, and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it should actually be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, it meets those criteria.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no amount of absolute competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who makes the difficult and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become the cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a claim: there's been a big decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think that the slogan and the goal and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recover, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea on the subject.
The first one is: why do people think trust has decreased?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge you to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions, and that might have risen in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the polls of opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, primarily journalists and politicians are still inspired by the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Do you trust yourself?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You'd probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust some, but in others no . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, work or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain teacher of primary that I know to give you the reading class, but in any way to drive the microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is differentiated, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to invite the good judgment of the fact that we rely on something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue.
I would try to have more confidence in what is a trust deserves, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think those people who put their savings with the very kindly named Mr. Frauda, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Compared confidence or denied intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, he says, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that a person is competent in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to bring a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If that's, I still haven't closed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we need to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to attend the space itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence evidence, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they're doing the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parties, demanding them that``check the boxes ,"as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we convey people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not properly done.
Third, the task.
To call the task to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is distinctive because we're bringing them other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough base for you to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring a lot of evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can restore them without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or you change them by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they were very vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable in the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust on what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing to is not a very hard thing to do.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers, we've been strive for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world on the screen that the imagination can be unleashed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine what it would be like.
First, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong spray against the screen, it transfers its physical body to pixel.
Designers can enable their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers are breaking.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity dexterity?
In the division of applying science in Microsoft, along with my mentor Cate Mongone, redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work area.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with hands.
As the windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can take the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and delivered things by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an online artist on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future be like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Minister Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So, simplify, what we did was we've done gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by programming the object digitally, we released it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and will reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our daily physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something, but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us that we have to connect ourselves from our world.
We started talking today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a member for two years in Sudan, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a close path to happiness: a safe work and a good job.
No matter if the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the traffickers, so I tried everything I could to go to school opera.
I even wrote the school director and the president of a radio program.
But no adult would thank him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I fear, during the rest of my life, a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another voice.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? OK.
I go back to books.
[" Completely"by Canada --``The Little Now Chinese History"]) [, I came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not propaganda . He understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honoring your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this guilt trap of guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
And the encounter with a new culture also gave place to my habit of comparative reading.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, in the beginning, this map looked like me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never happened, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try to be about people [`` Benjamin Franklin"] [`` John Adams"] David Moleconia] [`` John Adams"] I was involved in the same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation are economic, policies and spiritual.
For Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" Road Turkey Tracking"] Thomas Marine] [`` The Road of The East") Instead of getting lost in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``rapid joy ."Ha!!
And``bride"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it will not feel alone or powerless never.
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that it is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, the books always embrace them.
Thank you.
Thank you Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a trailer top, threw into the couch of my office, took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My class partner had a painting as a first client.
And I took a statement that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy to just move the head while we would delay the solution.
The '30s are the new 20s ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working after, you get married, you have kids later, to death happens later.
For divers like Alex and I had time to do it.
But shortly later, my supervisor press me to press Alex who talked about his loving life.
I resist.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out of guys under his category, he's got a head, but it's not like he's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, but maybe it marry the next one.
Also, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment``Aha! ''
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for careers, families and future visions everywhere.
There are 50 million watts in the United States today.
That means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without spending before the 20th.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the versions here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with self-designers, you love a toothbrush, you take your sleep off a vertical, I want to see it . It's fine . Amazing, the versions really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and``Aha!"`` Aha! ''
People from over 40, don't panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I believe.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and is reprogramming for adulthood, which means that if there's something that wants to change from themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their laptop at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your life everyday and common has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the divers are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes at the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists add ridiculous names to the visuals as``Aristotle"and``propellers . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think happens when you give you a steel on your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent visions, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as you start a career before the '30s, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 is to end, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My dates for the 20 were like the chair of chairs.
They're all running and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music went off and they all sat down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stopped, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the verticians here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a bit extreme, but they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's a huge pressure to the trains, and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a partner, and have two or three children in a much shorter period.
A lot of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much harder and stressful to do all of once at 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the child you want now, or you can't give a brother to your child.
A lot of albatross and connections look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the divers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having a identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but you couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a looked.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though you live about a very difficult 20, your previous life had been even harder.
He was very often crying in our sessions, but then he got up herself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new book for director, and he had spent all the morning filling it with his contacts, but then he was watching the empty space that goes after the words``In case of emergency, please call me . ''
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said,``Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I'm cancer? ''
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit down as I was the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all video, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For capital capital, I'm talking about doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: capital identity generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not describing exploration, I'm describing the exploration that I shouldn't tell, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's provider.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are explored.
The best friends are great to bring them to the airport, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what they think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person with who will come out of almost always comes from its closest circle.
new things come from what's called the friend's friend of friend friends.
Yes, half the divers have a bad job or they don't have jobs.
But the other half no, and weak ties are the way to fly this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, so knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but she does know his friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as Veronica, Emma will soon choose his family, when he got a couple and shaped her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But I'll choose the person that you live now or you're right now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To pick your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you choose to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we went through that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That labor supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who elected consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said,``Now the emergency contacts spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with virus.
It's very easy to help them.
The virus are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, which come somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight show in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or 25, and at 29, a good conversation, a good design, a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next years or even in the generations of the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the viruses you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I have now the privilege of saying to TEDsters as Emma every day: The winds are not the new 20, they take their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak ties, choose your family.
They're not allowed to define why they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their lives today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in management for a job that was even more demanding: the dilemma.
I went to teach them mathematics students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any professor, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, it calculated the ratings.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have scores of I.Q.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, different, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's the CIA, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn faster and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and at every study, my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Medical Academy.
We tried to predict what networks would stay in the military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National National Center, and we tried to predict what children would move as far as possible in the competition.
We study innovative teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to maintain their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts, a feature arose as a major predictor of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was the determination.
Detection is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to get to the future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires and then waited about over a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I started them on every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only at West Point or at the National National Center that matters the determination . It's also in school, especially for kids in risk of leaving it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that science is about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach the kids a ethical ethic of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know what I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talent individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, that's commonly not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determines in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Clevere, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Deckot has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to overcome when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to get to get to get to get to get to begin with all of new things with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a telegraph, one of my most terrified memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems to be as improved as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it is square.
They get a mouth . .
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if it's screaming in a French,``Audience! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's in the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a stick in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``following . ''
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person would stretch your arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, such as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a front tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . American.
A door . Put a board inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing, evade.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, being careful is adultery.
So we've gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical workers will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as a eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese supercomputers would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage . Thank you.
What I want to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was 1990, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of childhood.
But Oz's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a look at the last few years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a guy of metal and a Palestinian kid rescued a girl dressed up as a short of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the magician of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if God's magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy has predicted it . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the army computer-generated military.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about Oz's magician is that the most heroic, wise, even villain characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of oversight had gone down, so he stood in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his little stickers behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but, unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what I perceive.
Would they be subject of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would it be that Luke is one to a army to defeat the government?
We compare this to the Wizard of Oz of 1939.
How do Dorothy's film?
Doing good eyes with all of them and being a fire.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz, right? and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force, force in the movies for our children, and so little the path of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know by experience that the princess of the process doesn't provide the right framework that I would have been served to navigate the world of adults that is blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start coming up because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I am born.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their public objective.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women that write new stories for our children, as real as Bellify and Battles, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to emerge in classic after classic, each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are raising a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend it to all of you . It's already available in shops.
Remember what criticism said when he came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let it stop!
Well, almost none of these movies happens the test of beauty.
I don't know if you heard about this.
It hasn't yet been roots and already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
American Alpha is a comic drawing, and in the mid-'70s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies you saw.
And it's very simple . there are only three questions that should be done: in the movie, there's more than a female character who has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie?
Their conversations are about something else from the kid that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Prego.
Right? Luckific tumors, a success success, a consensus of what a quality of quality is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the test of beauty.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the crisis of the hostage.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them believe they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so is okay.
But there's a greater number than this one who's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with it.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked, but something bad, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there are a lot of sexual savings.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't you get to learn?
They're doing the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we doing that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as we turn around, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, to spin it's going to protect you if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children so that they keep their power power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care from home and the scale.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he said?
Bang.
I put and Gandom Kenya.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than nobody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is told: see and struggle alone and more stories where their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and become better people, like the magician of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that that would be lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me pick them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archaeology.
And finally when I started studying anthropology, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1.3 miles of length along the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, the naked eye, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called the United Egyptian, lost for thousands of years.
This was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Empire Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Francisco, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The agencies have always known that I was in some place near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge rainfall.
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 miles per mile.
Before, the Nile flow right next to Toronto, and as it changed over time, they moved into the east and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a sustainable city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So we use NASA NASA data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flow.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Project.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but rather than layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters below, under a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of summer objects.
This means that in this possible location of Protection, five meters below, we have a communication layer of several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is programming.
We also found jobs of hard, urban, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Indian Empire of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find right here, but we'll go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written at Stanford 4,000 years.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
It makes ideas really start in 1984 B.C . -- in a city lost not for long, and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door door.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now, you see a group of obese girls in bikes.
They're competing on a bicycle race race, and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bikes flying everywhere, wheels that go next to you, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the door threshold.
To the lobby, the hall, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The bright light on the athletes of the crackers.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue fur making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats and steps that are about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and they train their living room.
He's already in the room, and making use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing,``Hey, I've got to Time . ''
Now let me tell you the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven come to you, Dorothy, the Man of House, the Machile and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"stopped from hands, jumping to you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States DNA.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a health department.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a deck of a race of a spider.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained us to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented a 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Congo to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Go . How did I have heard of this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful, brilliant English and brilliant English, although a little bit of shock, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I would like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a live live deck, on national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, do you have to start with something else? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named Deep.
He is very, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Perist . He was based on the paper of Dustin Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . .
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone books; it was powerful.
And when I came back, I read a lot of treaties about memory written over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having memory training, disciplined and grown was not a thing as rare as it can be today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to successfully provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We've changed culturally, and I would say that we've changed also cognitively.
As we've almost no need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined memory is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so singular; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at University College from London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or virtually different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually, no.
There was yet a really interesting, meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scanned their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow snowflakes, found that in the memory champions are lit parts of the brain, different parts of the brain.
They actually used, or seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed race where each year appears with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put.
This is my friend Ben Merck, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of messy rock that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 144,000 and random binary digits.
In half an hour . Yeah.
And while there's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call``collaborative coding . ''
He illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the paradox``Bandwidth .") He says the following thing: I tell two people to remember the same word . I say to you .``Remember that there is a man named Baker . ''
That's her appeal.
And then I ask them,``Remember there's a``bank . ''
And when I come back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word that I told you makes a while? ''
\" Do you remember what it was? ''
The person who was told to say is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told to say is``Babble . ''
The same word, different memory capability; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name of Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance through their head.
But the word,``Barbary"-- we know bananas.
They use white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell good when they come home to work.
We probably know a baker.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting together robotic hooks to easily prepare them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory.
The story goes like this: There was a poet called Babbage who assisted a tank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a poet, you hired a poet.
He stood up, he took his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon it was, the reservoir room collapsed.
Give them all.
But not just killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by giving them recognition.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Basic, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting every invited.
He took the family's relatives taking them where their loved ones were dear between the rubble.
What Archimedes was released at that moment is something that we all know about, or less intuitively, is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or word instructions for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to tell me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about is Menorian, it's very likely to do that.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse horse brown in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to fold it from images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, collective, funny, awkward, strange, failure is the image, the more amazing to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treaties of memory, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to make it memory, in the same way that they would have done it if you'd invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy, amazing image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely incomplete competition.
And then you can imagine walking into your house, and you can see the Montana of the crackers mounted about Mister Ed.
And that reminded you that they want to introduce their friend Ed College.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they talked about would be that strange journey that they made for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but typical for typical.
In fact, the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek``soldiers ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the narrative and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first place ,"would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this culture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a biologically boring event.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets tired.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in your place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat at the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school dropout bought in a flea market.
And I discovered this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never hoped it was.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's really about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, hilarious, innovative images, inspired and hopefully, in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of routes and a few covered security glasses leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and buy lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks . tricks that work.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build a memory of memory or memorize Balinese bars, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcut.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, sort of a complete attention that most people don't walk around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things become memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what President, the mammal that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence to us in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention about being human in front of us, who walk on our side, will we be so lazy that we don't even bother processing?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're just going to be just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Man Riobi, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents in a village called Titah-to-day, and this was my bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was going to the living room.
And there you all spent the while looking at the TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me . And every time I shower me and I went back in a towel, all of you see me.
And I was like this.
It was clumsy, insecure and hated.
He hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not about division division, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
That is , 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're excited about: think of``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it as well as being based on a building building a 2,500 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a dense that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museum.
And in the 20th century in the U.S., we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, face the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is scary.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build and the governments and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Tilane Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, who let you communicate what Livingstone is trying to communicate with this building: the children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both call libraries, are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side there is innovation; architects constantly drive new technologies, new biologists, new solutions for the current life.
We push, we pushed, and we pushed so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black, this depressed us . You think we feel really good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connecting with those precious symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transfers, so we start experimenting again; we make the pendulum ready back, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with so-called``promise . ''
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, on a democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know we like and we updated them.
We added and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it.
We took Maria Army and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be the violent films made of glass.
The forms were spread, they won in audacity and colorful.
They became columns.
Stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the rest in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasy could be the Mediterranean, the French, or Italian.
Maybe with a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens to democratic.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we'll remember memories from elsewhere.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum back in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic.
We dismiss the historical symbols; we now have new design techniques for computer, and we find new compositions -- a few ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and graduate, and it's super popular; you're completely excluded.
Normally, the muscle pendulum again in the opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, by Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Kirian said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academics and public in general, were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times newspaper carried this miraculous building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Kingdom.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayors in the world.
So they all believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennium country with other star architects.
He happened to Kalaxyni and Bronx, and what happened with these little elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a boat, an airplane, they can be tourists.
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on the fabric, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know whether the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The metabolism was not a two-year movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the concrete of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media, it starts to scale faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in the simultaneous, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge, completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was fire.
This is the center of a village called Pink in Street Island, in New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the end product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and in charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Brailles libraries.
If that building is built today, first we would go to the Internet in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
The communications that can lead to the mayor of Titah-to-day, to the people in Titanic, and tell them that there is no answers to what a library can be . today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use giant words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a hapless audience that doesn't accept anything that I hadn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you're not allowed to intimidate by architecture.
That means that the muscle pendulum from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can continue to go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city in the ancient city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can be married there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the New York of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community united around that cause, no longer customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion pavilion, as much as the animals, as much as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and kinder.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
They find an architect, you find it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give them way to the smallest spaces: local libraries, households where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned out a year and started walking.
And it makes it that great, typical way of the children of a year, gossiping, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughs and chimpanzee, and it gives itself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me I used to do it, and he made me think,``When do I do this? ''
How are we suddenly not comfortable with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is Francisco , 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little bit of fear, it's kind of confused because, even though his mom tells you the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Whatever his mom says and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell you, doesn't know who to believe.
So he's doing a video of it itself, I posted it in YouTube, and he asks others that please leave a comment:``Am I nice or ugly? ''
Well, so far, Fayza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most many teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's bringing them to do this?
Well, the teenagers of today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving,``I like ,"commenting, sharing, published, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young, so young.
As a mother said,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from your hand with that are easy.
This environment, of being connected, is tracking our children to behave based on the number of``I like ,"and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most secret in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover of girls from now.
zero-sum models still dominate our passwords.
The ignorance technique is now a routine.
And trends like: #insulin, again, bionic and profile.
For those of you who know it, it means progressive.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But the kids are not immune to this.
Like the superhero stars of sports, the controlled singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something, because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings, and as a taxpayer to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of every three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call the attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending class at all during the days when you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see enough enough, you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note at the average of your fellow partners who don't care about it.
And this phenomenon has been reflected in Finland, America and China.
It gets independent on what these young people actually weigh.
So, to be very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on its body is weakened by academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
The adolescents with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more harmful diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that it's because of all this for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual activity at early ages and anti-profit damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pressure to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of abuse.
17 percent of women are not presented to an interview interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
This potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, for itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these are not working.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for any willing to provide education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but to confront this problem requires every one of us that we take the foundation in the issue and be a better role to continue for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in hairs or the size of their breasts, or to pretend that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
We can all start by making responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: when was the last time you played a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow around their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We've got to put people out of the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them the ones that go out on the big screen because we're just going to create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they are never going to be who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Your wife?
A sister?
Do your daughter?
Your niece? A friend?
It could be just the woman who's two seats away, and what would it mean for her if she was released from that cognitive voice inside that interior voice, who cared for not having long legs, more thin displays, a more flat, feet smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say it's going to be a potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is catching us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach the way you see it's just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for who they are and why they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the rsums of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small tricks of a year of age today, they become agents of safe change themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five , 1990, a gentleman named Selam Kenyan walked into a hotel in Manhattan and murderer to the Iranian Abraham Kansas, the leader of Defense Jewish.
We initially declared it by innocent, but it's pressure for other minor charges, compared to others, started planning attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Fortunately those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't help.
And later Nature would be convicted by his participation in that event.
Sherring Kanda is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, elementary school teacher . between the two they did everything possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, you don't need a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are so prone to their convictions that think you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Pole of Air Carnie that, without knowing our group, was monitoring by the FBI.
When I got to pull, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I would shoot, I gave the little orange light on the target and, for surprise of all, especially, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic, he said,``Iran brother . ''
As a parent, such a son.
To all, the comment gave them a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
These people later would be convicted by putting a range with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``admitted ,"which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do many friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody, it was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always, I was the new face of the class with a frequency victim.
I would consider my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and restrictive, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, for growing under atmosphere, was not prepared for the real world.
I was trained to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program where I participated at the Bonica National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, as I was a victim victim victim, almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and I was frankly very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe that she was illiterate.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the homosexuals were bad influences.
For accident, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical I'd seen in life.
Having been bullied as a child, I developed a sense of empathy into the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast stereotypes that had taught me about child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then the``Daily Show . ''
All night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my figure in many ways when I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless dogma, and he said,``I'm tired to hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate in your interior.
My real name is not Kalma Ferrone.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who is trying to bring violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I was told to this violent and tolerant ideology, I didn't get a fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do it because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk about that meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm showing you that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you everybody . Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that's projected in your mind.
It's an amazing multi-strand film.
It's in 3D, and it's got the Russian sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has free, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And he constantly has a voice of your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of film is you who experience everything in the direct.
This film is the flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that processing what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology was studying behavioral behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscience like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger President said,``now it's time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, an flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something from this guy at the fantastic work that Nancy Karaxysian did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate people are.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I didn't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the columns, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
Typical officials are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the confidences operate, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms . They're all questions about objective performance.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why that all behavior is accompanied from an subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the texture that works . For a long time, I slammed my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're wrong at this point.
We have a fantastic chain of explanations, great . We're used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't even know how.
And with an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that are initially crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do is explain objective functions, brain behaviors, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They smell fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and there is the world.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is long.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, and then put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of the very fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load, then for matter of logic, you have to wash the list.
The most natural thing would be to pay consciousness itself as fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that it's suddenly not the object of science.
It opens the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can inject them on a nurse.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can inject them on a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called the physicists,``bread ,"by all,``play ,"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be full of heartbreak when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, not.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
In part, it comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is something fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea is illogical, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more about nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex programming processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
It processing simple information processing, simple awareness.
One very exciting thing is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Kiri Senate, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called PH, which measures the degree of information embedded in a system.
And it's supposed to be about consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of PH, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's a degree of information integration, equally significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of wine said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero.
In the theory of the Bonobo, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
In fact, it makes a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of Phi, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that mycelium can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality underlying.
As Stephen Hawking says,``Where does the fire of equations come out? ''
From the psychiatric vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire into the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I believe, present view, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a player and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think I think about it right, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie``Hello"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of Palestinian information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they're providing some pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of smart computers and the ethics of turning them out.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from internal movies from each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this psychic view, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like, how do those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think eventually we'll discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I believe, to understand the universe and understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea right.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a profile of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to tell me for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't done anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . after school, I had a low profile on my mother's psyche, and I spent a long time looking at the series``The Great School"and``Daniel's Keep . ''
Yeah, I know that.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, I'm in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 class of legal studies, a boy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when you will give your speech? ''
And I said,``What's the speech? ''
Well, I'd been talking to you about the design law for about 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair, talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with disabled people as an object of inspiration.
And we're not, and it's not the fault of the guy, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our environmentalists.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint it.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we've sold the lie that disability is something Bad, A capital, M capital.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You might have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is guests ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before you abandon, Intel! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with a carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term porn deliberately, because they engage a group of people for other group's benefit.
So in this case, we engage the disabled disabled disabled disabled.
The purpose of these images is inspired, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the number of the number of times that I've been surprised by trying to express that they think I'm courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm going to be happy for getting up in the morning and remembering my own name . And this is to make it to you.
These images, those images consider people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there for you to see and think that things are not so bad for you or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually a difficult thing.
We get some things wrong.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I tell you to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to pull the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything outside the normal.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to put them in the way that we do, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here replicating inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Tesla, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
I learned other people with disabilities at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
I learned that it's a great idea to use a little bit of glass pieces to collect the things that are falling to me . learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that applause and makes us complicated.
I really believe that the lie that we have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a row of stairs has never done it becomes a ramp.
Never . I'll smile to a television screen, not to show up the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and performing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching``Fortune the Air Stanford ,"doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get up from the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where an 11 degree child in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a user of wheelchair.
Now, disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you think about it, I know what it does.
Thank you.
What are the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a nonprofit molecule?
Unfortunately, today, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so, please, you don't get confused.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, it reaches the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: Google Google glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Google are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running through the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a $110 man is chasing us, trying to hate us with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what's using Google Glass under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine going up to the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Australia: Come on.
It's horrible to be hacked.
A moment . Give us a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Australia: As you can see, it's a hint of what is being hacked in the football field, from the perspective of the garage.
You've realized that it's missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corrections at the University of Washington.
Malie 14th: mice 54!
Blue 8: Blue 8! Go!
Chris Australia: This about a little bit more of the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and I've been asked at YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a camp.
or from a runner?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of it, how do we take the next level?
We took it to that level using something called the Rice Rift, which is probably many of you already know.
The Rift Forest has been described as the most realistic virtual reality ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to play! No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a rollercoaster for his life.
What is the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a coach with your arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When you can be Mission running through the song, launching the stick on the bottom of the network, or federal doing a state in Malie?
What will your experience be when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Rica.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R?
We reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the machines and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . You give them money.
So, here's a brief insight about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Parliaments of Baltimore put her a wrist to their field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radios in the beds of the field of field and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to your group, and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic visit that you're wearing . You don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you give you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your game.
How would you do it?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the animals, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know.
Bad people will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad teams.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It's also for sports . Who would have imagined it?
What would it be like in the field?
Imagine that they are the field of field.
You get the bullet and you go backwards.
You look at an open receptor . Suddenly, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight, you warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Usually, you don't see it, but the R system is visible.
It moves to the protection area.
Another flashlight is that there's an open receiver.
You launched the bullet, but you give you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receiver sees in his bombsight, a area of grass that lights up and can change the career.
He approaches, captured the bullet, running and notes.
The public is holding and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people you see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much does this technology make for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a bully, how harmful are their actions from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being pursued?
How much is it also for a Health Commander or a Neil Depositive Dyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly and Kathowitz?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the University of California.
Now, most of those 23 years, I spent the state of the South County County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is a iconic structure, known for their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Stevens, an engineer chief engineer to build the bridge, said,``The bridge is practically suicide.
Super-correction from bridge is no practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some people think that travel between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, such as the each one of it is released from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they prefer vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally fits in the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think that those who are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death toll that they face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people stop before they take life.
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darker moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to a officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had that day in bringing it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers also.
We've gone a long way since.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Australia.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call of a suicide suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I responded, and when I came, I looked at Jason talking to a officer of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown here twice before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
So, remembering the Greek mythology, Venus created Pandora, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From her, they came up with pests, pins, and all sorts of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few instant, he joined the right, and it went.
This guy's nice and smart guy from New Jersey just taken out life.
I talked to the parents from Jason that night, and I suppose when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family family called me to see what I was like.
Jason's parents had asked him.
The suicide damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think that someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask this is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, have you had these thoughts? ''
Compared the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and that they're never going to improve; impotence, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a story of a lady, and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on the 19 of January of this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on.
I'm still quite numb, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
He called the Police Police, and he reported it as that night.
The next morning, two official officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to 5:30 on the afternoon day.
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GMT, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Kick . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call by a suicide suicide subject in the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my hand on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the railing, and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and half of the following, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did you have to come back and give hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I heard.
I was letting you talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to leave you.
\" Dear Mr. Jones, nothing erase the 11 March events, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is following us.
And I think, honestly, Kevin was running for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I took Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all those hereditary traits, but, thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Honestly, with you, New Berkeley . ''
And at the end, she writes,``P . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you were recording as the patient.
\" I know I had to solve it! ''
Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
Talk openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that their story inspire others.
suicide is not just something I've been finding at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of their own pain, I'm stealing the opportunity to know him.
This is what suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt somebody else.
They just want their own pain.
Usually, this is only only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
In the final squeeze, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge don't commit.
Also, those few people who have jumped from the bridge and lived, and they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second that they left the railing bar realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't just connect Martin with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving to do.
Silence can be prevented.
There is help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question tells you, how did you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had.
My outside finally sang with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture, I think,``Great, you got it, you arrived.
But the past October, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
We're all silent with our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to liberate, to get rid of the limitations by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those around us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo, which is accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called reveal.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a child by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always had this t-shirt on the head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
So I knew how to reframe.
The gender has always considered an unacceptable fact, but now we know that it's actually something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm wrong, but why the world is treating those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I'm grateful to be a woman.
I have Mom, dad and a family who accepts me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, a goddess of the daughters.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in the Philippines who would celebrate these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still a man, I met this woman called Telescope.
It's the director of a renewable beauty competition.
That night, she asked me,``Why don't you participate in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that, if she participated, she would reach the story of description and the costumes, and that night, it won in bathing suit, won in the gas suit, and I was a third finish between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was in the world of the beauty of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was about queen of renewable women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the despites, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my application of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I resist.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know that if you moved to America, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also accompany me when I operated in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they do the most prestigious, sophisticated, secure surgeries.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to get surgery before they change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name``F"and``F"of feminine gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity identity means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears were slowed.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman from mine Marshall Bouldeias.
A young woman from New York who happily lived his truth, but, replicated, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November we do a global policing by the New Table Day Day Day.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Mars P Johnson and Sylvia Internet.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that there are no more than 20 of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
You know?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . Kathryn Schulz: Honey, a quick question.
PH: Sure . You see, first, thank you with all my blessings.
To my dad, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been to young women, I've raised, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I would take the phone, I call my mom and say,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all got a gender in the birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table, the topic that sometimes doesn't square, and there should be a space that allows people to identify, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The Norwegian movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you . .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know for their children, but I am one of the few parents who are known for her daughter and I'm proud of it.
It started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when they were separated by their efforts in 2011, when they gave him the National Prize Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at human history, the history of women is the history of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not by his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes, he gives her condoms to the mother, and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed for having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he's shocked, and, with the hope of a son, when he looks at his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter . newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admitted to their brothers.
Up to age 12, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move through the street as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when she happens 13 years old, he's credited to leave his house without a male player.
It's confined at four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and her family, and if you pass the code of that supposed honor, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this supposedly code of honor, it doesn't just affect the life of a girl, it also affects the lives of male members in the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the so-called honor.
And there's a more of the patriarchal societies that are called an advice.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accepting the decisions of his father and mother and decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be soldiers.
If a young married, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, it's called the restaurant.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The married, the love, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, links the same lesson of innocence to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia from Manhattan, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote,``Malari . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I admit it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I must mention it.
They can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of the child.
To be investing in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admission to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was able to terrificate the Canadian eye form, and I was on the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the guts of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters and her daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the shake of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged them to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to tell you in your personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malaysia.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
taught my daughters, teaching students, forgetting the lesson of the obedience.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sensor.
I wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called transparency.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles, and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the battered girls and the killed singers.
They had millions, but few talked, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and kill when you talk about their rights.
It's really scary.
At the age of 10, Malaysia got up and stood up on the right to education.
He wrote a journal for the BBC blog, she offered her for the New York Times documentary, and I spoke on every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was sprayed as a company around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine , 2012, shoot it in the head.
It was a famous day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter? ''
And he suddenly said to me,``Please don't blame.
They were defending the right cause.
They put your life in play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined.
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital and had severe pain pains and strong headaches because her facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my smile and my training in my face.
I'm right . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we comfort.
We wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any girl 16-year-old.
He cried when he didn't finish his homework.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What is especially in my tutor that has made so bold to Malaysia so brave, expressive and? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mexico group . From Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the visualization of Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get a brain operation.
You still be the same as smart or not?
If it won't be, can you be smart?
After the neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixing chemicals, and trying to get them, to follow life.
More than one time I've been saved.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experiment to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed dramatically, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of 20s, and I was surprised by looking at how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and, of course, a lot of times in the past, I've met various types of guys, or maybe some services.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that I had on the front, and it just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through, and since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to restore my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philosophic like Human, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how minds work . to me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for the thinking and creative thinking.
So, after several years, I'm able to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, very thoughtful, good images.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images quickly, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination just to drive the world that you have in front of?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way people creative can come to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional MRI, to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandomans and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The column of the media shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagined, seeing that same picture.
The column on the right is created by representing the content of the central column on the left, and you see that the difference is almost unusual.
This repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost unusual.
Now, let me share you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Galapaga in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recognizing visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains scanned to create a big range of reactions of the brain to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan, I decided it to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer's toes, and on the left, the video that was shown.
This left us bars.
We're good to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you create the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scan scanning systems of the highest resolution today, and their resolution was increasing as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we achieve it?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I'm not offered for that.
Many of you are providing new imaging techniques by images, even me, with the recent outcome of MRI, first we should ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but to this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a paradigm.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in combination of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmitter and frequency receptors of FM radio in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the fMRI we should be able to measure not just the blood flow of blood, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be possible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
So anyway, you pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
Her closet may be telling someone for the first time that love or saying to someone who is pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have been through in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived, and having come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it has to happen.
Many years ago, I worked on the South Side California House, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of surgery: not to break my armpits, quote the letters in Monaco gave France as a litany.
And I'll be aware that by the hole of my short screen, and because I had the head, I was a little bit of a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And a quiet silence would appear on the table.
I would open my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rage of rage.
The father would smell the newspaper and the mother would throw a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I was boiling inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was ready, and I was about to get into the female affairs at the table . I had the dates of Betty Friedman.
Gloria Steinem's quotes.
Even a clip from the``Vagina Monologues"to show.
So I was going to breathe round and I went down and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist leader, just a girl with a question,``Are you a kid or girl? ''
So I was going to breathe round again, and I stood up near her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is confusing.
I have the short hair as a kid, and I see a boy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite cousin is violent and he has a fish.
Can you give me a picture, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Oh, OK, you're a girl.
What about the Excuse that I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation of everyone I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the screen and I, both, were honest each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to you or yours or yours.
I'll give you 100 reasons why out of my closet was more difficult than coming out of her, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can say to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank, it's harder to say it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I'm telling is harder than telling your five year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop focusing what is difficult about what's hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make sense of safety, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It wasn't the militant lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old boy in the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled up in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay grenade, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to don't disappoint them, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that grenade, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable recorders was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many between the guests knew that it was gay, and by doing my honor ladies, in my black dress and heel . I walked around the tables and finally I came to one where my parents' friends were, people who knew me.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
\" Oh, ever you were in the floor? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Oh, you know my husband Toronto?
It's very good, and it has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Oh, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzling, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that she was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the pancreatic planners.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt testosterone.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were working.
And what else can you ask someone, but do it work?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I keep what I like to call the first three principles of the Google girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . I'll just put it . Raise your patches.
If you know they're gay, you'll tell it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
Never apologize for that.
And some of them may be safe hurt, forgive for what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yeah, maybe some will feel disappointed, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find yourself in a dark, dark dark, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the blindfold.
It's intelligence, what is that?
So if we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Design dictionaries that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When I wrote Dispersine Dispariot wrote this as a critical to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the underlying fundamental mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's take a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race, which don't know anything about the Earth's biology and the Earth's biology and Earth's Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can observe the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a Earthlings, we know that reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about it, that it doesn't have any concept about intelligence on Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to a certain point in time, the asteroids that will demolish the surface of a planet that is essentially stop.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through several disciplines, which would be, I, to a single mechanism underlying intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be extremely fit for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different subjects and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is -- what you're seeing is probably the equivalent equivalent of a E to a me for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to an impending time.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
So intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, keeping this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
It predicts the level of human intelligence?
It predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy, for their lives should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that context cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, play games of humans, and even win money by eating actions, all of that without having been asked to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a standing human without falling, here we see entropy automatically balance a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it to entropy a goal.
He just decided to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
It's widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, setting its potential for the game.
Here we see entropy controlled new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network that's connected.
This same network restaurant capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see entropy organizing the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Central entropy to discover and run a strategy strategy, sell in a simulated series of actions of actions, successfully increasing assets under their management.
This risk management skill will have wide applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Giussani: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, they all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its freedom freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot term, the``London ,"there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then migrates and trying to get rid of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
And I'm often asked,``How do you look for targets to get away from this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help us build artificial intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the freedom of freedom and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call``home . ''
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which means that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint intensity of stars when planets pass ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets in the distance of the distance between them and their mother star.
In the aggregate, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth's land of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their suns.
By the time, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is happening under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most talented record.
glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused to global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of climate, no astronomer.
But I study the availability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the management sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invited to a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars . .
Mars is small and rocky, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our victims like the Curiosity track their surface in pursuit of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that they orbit, like the Manhattan mission, take samples of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks.
private companies now offer not only the short space flights, but also the tempting to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the democratic areas of our planet that are still for colonize, really exuberant places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places of the Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen surveillance by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this excitement of Mars's colonization and other planets will be a big and sad shadow: the implication and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this invisible infrastructure of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
As much as I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm profoundly disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will be a place later on the survival boats . Thank you.
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and terrestrial preservation didn't be communicated.
No, they're actually expensive the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world, as extraterrestrial animals.
Only that you find closer home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and insection areas on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked,``In account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to take the hostile of Mars's hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving sustainability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was on the front porch, looking in my pockets, I realized that I had no keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where he had left them.
So fast, I tried to open all the other gates and windows, and all right closed.
I thought to call a surgeon, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a land could take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to go through night because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning, and I was responsible for my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure that it's not more expensive than a road in a middle, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I'd come out right.
I'm a professor of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Liberty cortisol that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and clouds.
And when I got to the training counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't qualify.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kansas, Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed I talked to him about breaking the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me who had been practicing something called a productive hindsight.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, also known as the fear.
You all know what the hell is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the memorial, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things that happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a carrot.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious ones.
In the house, I'll argue a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where there's good, where the fish are, that cold the fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is spreading in the London states.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrels, and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose key keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For its passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular goal.
If you argue a place and you're residential with it your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take with the cell phone a picture of their credit card card cards, the driver's license, passport, send it by email to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and intentional thinking.
So part of the memory practice is to recognize that under stress is not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we'll all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or a loved being, to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this comes up as a remix for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which they benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the physician says,``I've received the result of the lab and cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and it knows that it's one of the most predicted drugs in the world today, and you're probably likely to know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, you take the statue!! ''
But there's a question that should be done then, a statistic that should be asked from which most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you need to think of what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't retreat me if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a fault doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But Wilson estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed stage, which do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
This is the research of the Indian researchers Bank Programmer and Pamela Arthur, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now, you might think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistics more, and it's,``Heart of the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And that includes terrible things: debilitating muscle and articulate pain, pain pain, but now you think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how you're similar with time, so you don't have to build the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get lost by the drug that you help you.
I don't say they should or not take the stage.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that it's going to be done in the older men of 50, the advance of prostate prostate, the number needs to treat is 49.
So , 49 surgeries a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the ability, or erectile dysfunction, urinary intent, straight regulation, fecal incontinence.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent, the effects just lasted a year or two.
So the idea of fear is to think before the questions that you can make that drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to do this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change your mind in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that there are a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face of face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the libido or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react fast; they could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Khan and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail from time.
The idea is to think about the future, how you might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
By reinventing the snow night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor sets me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a keys from the entry door in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, ``'"is my favorite music symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more gently.
Two, even more gentle.
Four ,' extremely soft.
This is my drawing from a tree of ``'"), you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of you can have, never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Angeles, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs arrived during the 1800s, and with the time of time, it was mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that we know as AIDS.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's as if I lived in a foreign country, following your rules, custom, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't stop the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise when you eat potato chips! ''
\" Don't be wrong, and when you're eating, I don't make sure I don't throw the covers on the plate . ''
All of this I call this``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super virtual from sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, which is about coming next.
Hence, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
TBP, for continuing.
poisonous, for announced.
You can see that the perpetrator doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle and failure sharks.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``picture"sign in the Alabama.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, I'm going to do my thumb, so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic president there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to tell me more about art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it carefully, or experience visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything I had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the art community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien, it was something from a listener.
And sound is so powerful that I could be able to tell me and my artwork work, or I could empower.
I chose that I would empower.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people that can support me in the same way and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with a lot of different interpretations of Alaska.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, just like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I'm not going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could be quiet in the forget and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Asle.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express completely on the paper.
And the same thing can be said of a concept in AOL.
The two are very spatial and highly modulate what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how the AOL works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Atlantic is divided into many different grammar parameters.
If you hold a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of the body, the speed, the form of your hand, and so as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you'd just put one key at a time.
However, the Atlantic is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in AOL.
If only a key would change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing is true with the music in pitch, formed and volume.
In AOL, using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal``failure . ''
This is the``accepted in that . ''
I'm watching you.
Just look at it.
Oh, I got hooked.
Oops.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough!
So, I started thinking, and if I see the Atlantic through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and puts.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, visually it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights:``Last night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more music than the other two.
This represents how the time is expressed in AOL and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one degree . It's a hand, two . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``so ,"`` saturnamed to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``Once there was time . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times for you.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically at the same time.
Look at McDonald: right hand, E: hand left.
We have the picture through the head and the chest.
[ Carter: Dallant, face] [[ [[ [[.
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high.
We're going to do so much in your head as the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the Atlantic.
Now, the third one . Please join me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the Atlantic.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Downlass ,"````Feedback"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the Atlantic is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very curious world.
And only because the Atlantic doesn't have sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the Bill to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Alabama, and you don't hear to learn music.
The AOL is a treasure rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kanzi: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said,``You can look at it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a conservation bubble or a ignorance bubble, I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I found out that adults also assume and that they're not very good to clean each other.
Time, I'm now an adult, and I teach citizen and invention at the Harvard School of Hong Kong.
I don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't get it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic.
It's a scary thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts a eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with a subjective height so that very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I left it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits, we'll just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
We then created quickly what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer will process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called``Anthropologists ,"with hope that someone gets better.
And the great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and it's paralyzed, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they've got the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in University, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water that they're bathing, the water where you fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and the oil is also brown, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a first prototype of a metaphor that can push through all sorts of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor, and we sent it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remotely other children.
[ I can research a problem in distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closest to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there were several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami rescued several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear nuclear power plant from Fukushima, a nuclear plant near the water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has polluted treatments by Saturna.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fukushima's radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research independently with other scientists, land, river, and this time we want to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with rationality all his life.
And together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do after, strategies, ethnicity, etc.
And to do this, we created a temporary map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the map of elevation, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of gravity, and we spray water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the system, and it was built in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to date.
We zoom up to 1.5 miles away from nuclear central, and with the help of fishermen in the area, we were collecting the sediments of the sea bed with a sediment tracking as we invent and built.
Here's a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies, and very simple open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turned it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a bit of biology, of optical, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become true with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Camp Harry: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactive are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, supermarkets, we must prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
You impose on the environment, the other creates.
One is designed by nature, another for her.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble in gross, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The club was a unique tool of Michelangelo.
But living ones are not canceled.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all of the information that was required by each cell to work and replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by manufacturers of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have designed a world made of parts, tendernizing the imagination of designers and architects trained to think their objects as assembly parts with different functions.
But you don't find assembly materials in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with hackers.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act mainly as filters, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: There are no parts, there are no assembly.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality through the variation of elasticity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work on the ground and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analytics and synthesis, shows on the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting away from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible that 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they combine four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a from 24 meters of diameter with a vibrating basis that one day not far away to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
So here we've reinvented the cellulose, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every single opening is a unique size to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with Iran van Henry . It's like a second skin made from one piece, ritual in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and there's no seams between the cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid, soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.T . scanner.
That designers have access to this analytical high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at a time structural, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes sound.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, kindness and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not by the addition of another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and radically property.
But is the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I didn't believe myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Bible Bible, and one of them came up and I define a lot of what matters me.
As she says,``In the third day of creation, God sends the Earth to grow a stored from fruit fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, crust, sizes and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder,``What would the design be if objects made a single piece?
Are we going back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material that's been fruit with fruit, and we find it.
The second more abundant mythology on the planet is called a content, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate environmental structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal seafood . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we multiplied them, and we produced a clue of oxytocin.
By providing chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple similarities of consultant controlled.
The robot could vary the properties of the material over the march and create these structures made from one material, a six feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they'll leave them to find a natural form to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain clever microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet, three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we put the bacteria genetically designed to capture the very rapidly carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of life to mesh, and if you expand even more, to windows.
A fruit tree charged.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put in the ground, help to grow a tree.
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothing to keep life for the interplanetary journeys.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as periodic table, we did our own table of elements: new forms of life created computation, made in an additive way and augmented in a biological way.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid liquid, only that instead of bringing precious metals, new biological realities are synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called a multiple.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combine.
The first is collaboration.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater tanks.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that I inhabit in the human intestine.
One converts light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their function.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, providing the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it's going to be 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a first at TED, our first favorite photographer, brilliant liquid liquid channels inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are creatures past, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always go back to nature.
So now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . It adds to sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates an highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is market.
The manufacturing organization is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other is glue or matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to seed a particle of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we stick a small magnet to a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the bone worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it was a flat banana, and yet supplier technically.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
You often see silk worms to death within their cocoons, their silk is set off and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we can shape silk silk without boiling a single cocoon.
They were successful, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a sympathetic robot making silk bottles, and we put in our site.
We knew that the silk silk worms migrated into more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or services, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 500 silk worms to a silk farm online.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to tune with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding, and as they were growing up, they sacrifice, they would put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said the tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
The weapon of biological silk about silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 500 seasons of silk touch 500 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of silk silk.
The cops, after the notion, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra nations in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other filling empty.
If the last frontier frontier is to provide the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
Here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature burden.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be about more? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time?
You can show you with fingers.
Three . Five . three . Five . Five . .
Now, raise your hand if the question is,``What do you want to be about? ''
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be in greater? ''
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, killing and art, and I developed websites . Furthermore, I would play the guitar in a gang band called Telecomant Freshing.
You may have heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let me absorb and feel``Yes! I've found me ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I'm going to deny all of my other passions, and to motivate me to bored me.
Another reason why it caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me for nothing.
I was worried about being afraid of commitment, or being dispersed, or to engage or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We wonder first,``What do you want to be about? ''
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to cause cute answers in kids like,``being astronomy ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
They're going to be able to get the distance from Ethan here.
So this question is done over and over again, while we grow in different ways, and I go to high school students, you ask them to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be about? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes away.
Why?
While this issue inspired kids to dream about what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream about everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even if you're good enough, you might be laughing and say,``Oh, how nice, but you can't be craftsmen of violins and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Chile, and he's an artisan of rape and super-corporation.
And this Amy Nina, an editor of magazine became an illustrator, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very neglected in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to spend on your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected to this way?
What if there are lots of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong about you.
You're a kite.
A multinational is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bank to say.
It could help if you divide into three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that you know the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems like a kind of addicting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see morality as limitation or hackers that you need to beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are enormous strength to be like this.
Here are three millionaire superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in intersection.
Now, that's Harvard Angel and Rachel binary expressed their interests in cartography, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Mess.
I mean, I'm a company that creates jewelry inspired jewelry.
And Elizabeth came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
Hence, new ideas come up.
And the metals, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second superpower superpower is fast learning.
When we're going to be interested in something, we're going to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start zero.
Noor Columbia is a full-time trip and independent writer.
As a child, pianist perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before becoming a writer, Noora was financial planning.
He had to learn the most end mechanical mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps write compelling launches for publishers.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you're attracted to, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third superpower superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Now, it's a stage of videos, sometimes director of videos, other, websites, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes a teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The Japanese Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and predictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to get to meet the needs of the market, the ones that really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, quick learning and adaptability: three skills where mobile are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the politicians to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multidimensional problems right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist and a metal employees.
The specialist can dive deep and put into ideas, and morality offers a constant of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are changing with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, to the metals in large part, they're encouraging them to simply be more like their partner partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: reconfigurating with the internal wiring, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then you're especially special for all media.
That's where you will do the best of it.
But for the metals in the room, including those who have just noticed to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I'm telling you, recognition with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity through those rabbit heads.
They explore intersections.
hug our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, mobile, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the year 1985, a woman called August led her to a psychiatric in Phoenix.
And you'd be able to hurt and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Augustine.
You didn't know how to help Achilles, but I was flying through it until, unfortunately, he died in 1906.
After his death, helices made a autopsy and found strange and mobile plates in the brain of August, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most surprising thing.
If you wanted to have been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Elvis gave him 14 years ago.
Elvis was Dr. rainbow Alzheimer's.
And the first patient, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1985, medicine has moved a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, rats for citizens and much more.
But gradually, it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million, which, by the way, include a lot of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85, or more, the chance of getting Alzheimer's will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there's the likelihood that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or be wanted with Alzheimer's.
In the U.S. alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent on Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs provided a 50 times increase in 2050, as the generation of the baby boomers.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot prevent, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should have: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 112 years, everyone, even, scientists, confused Alzheimer with aging.
We think that it will be sound in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the patient of a Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to declining a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reducing life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange rings in the toy brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know today that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick in each other, forming groups that can form large plates and sheep.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step block is complex, like avoiding a bomb.
To cut a cable cable could do anything.
Control can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, mostly, the wires have reduced and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that are specifically blocking this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody out of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see some videos of what happened when they test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they're moving normally.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick into each other, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to get Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and that if we try, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have been more research and more exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move into the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to convince cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too keen to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change that they need for themselves.
They help by speaking for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column of the New York Times in January of this year.
To fall fall from somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience to prove myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers come up to get 36 increasingly personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without speaking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And just?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: I mean, I really like it -- Tell your couple, what you're grateful about or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say anyone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the gossip that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love for a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do you still follow together?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've been asking this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been helped to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog.
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article at the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that brings a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he gave, I had no idea.
The paper was posted by a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I had been called the States Show and the North Kingdom.
In one month, the paper got over eight million visits, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with sincerity about themselves, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every week for weeks, always, they were doing the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages came immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed on the radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Man where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to sit comfortable by asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have been alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine, which included the readers of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said that not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I was rejected by television interviews, and reflectured the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the international icons of the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute curve.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked: or, if it was able to produce nasty love, not just an adventure, but love real love, pregnant love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt, especially, people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to follow together or not to tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of making these 36 more interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called Supermarket, progressive and reciprocal openness.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were feeling closer after doing it . Several subsequent studies also used the protocols of the rapid American Prize as a fast way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and said to me,``I tried the studio, and it didn't work.
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I said,``Do you mean you fell in love with the person who did it? ''
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But did you get better friends? ''
Did you feel that they managed to know better after testing the study?
The asylum.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that's the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the studio for the first time when I was 29, and I was walking through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much all my adult life, and he was my first love, and I had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I became science.
I investigate everything I could find on romantic love science, and I hoped that that could somehow recover the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was stuck with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad, and I just felt like I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more likely to be able to demand me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and be loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if they were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very frightening story, because love makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: is they still following together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like,``How do you decide who your love deserves and who you don't? ''
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when you cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Anonymous is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed to be that choice.
I wouldn't consider how many times we'd have that decision, and how many times you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to have enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous, nice and fun and express that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy implicit on the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian lines, and in a way I came up as a forest of the forest.
New York City a while ago, something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go and surfing and surfing and all these rare things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I took it all the pages, and I made a kind of spinal cord in the Agnes Martin, the slide covered and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother has fear of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking she could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed that it increased as a size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God, I can draw in space.
I can flow strokes, draw the same way around a cave in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own sandwich of invented specimens.
First, botanical -- that you can get an idea.
Then I made a few insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Sweden.
It was great, man . .
At some point I'm interested in the human form, sculpture sculptures of natural size with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: it died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work is very big, which I call``tractor . ''
For the``triptych"I'm inspired by a lot in``The Garden of The Delicious's delight ,"which is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic painting.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the``triptych . ''
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this animal mesh underworld where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are heading to the slime, ready to suicide in mass diving in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a shell.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the Poletal Star platform, the Salicore Redwood shelter, there are all kinds of rare things that can be found if they look very well in the ocean.
And anyway, a kind of surgery.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the other hand.
Their hands are like balance, and it seems like a monitor that keeps Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a``traceful . ''
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit on.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a nose, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds from this nose.
It also has a colony of a few feet long, a snake tail that joins the``transportation . ''
Anyway, his tail is going on fire by being a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Her tail ends up in a particular balloon of creatures made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead of it . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called``psychological . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of file file in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope engine that weighs 300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can get the input.
I'm going to tell you about the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers your penis or Bonobo, or whatever you have, a kind of intrigued thing.
It's a quick performance of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between both.
There are some pills coming out and into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the thermal cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Twitter Conservation.
Within this box, there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio transmitter, a museum, a school, a publishing arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We fear the box and all the people inside each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefined who it is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when they hurt your head?
Take a aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and cute system for any drug medicine effect on the body.
The disadvantage, however, is that when you bring it any drug is dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the price of IPS cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time that they take to get to the blood current, they get diluted, and worse even for the time they take to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is dormant and doesn't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for oral.
One day, I sat down, and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly into the virus of the virus, without the risk risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use for anything imaginable, including the neural transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a little and powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in question of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or on Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an illusion on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is heading to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an infrastructure that distributes the drug, releases it directly into the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the body of the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all researchers in HIV -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed groups: organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 21st peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011 , 1966 were signed between a state and an non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we even need to engage them or destroy them in any process of successful conflict.
But how to do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to destroy them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Jerusalem Riobi, known for his violent confrontation against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980, Job has also established a political party, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hubble, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set a complex complex machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the magazine of TEDTalks, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of financial background, but through profitable businesses -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or loans.
SS offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't provide: safety and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in a Afghanistan ripped by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or vision in the long term.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed groups and political groups, participating in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, the less we can change them as a state of a state.
How do you call a group like soccer?
They're part of a territory, they manage all its functions, they collect the trash, they manage the system of sewer.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is Schum?
The lines are described.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, as the current, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that governance gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and comfort peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that safety of security, to fill that governance gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are seen, but I'm afraid to accept openly the tag of``feminist"to be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I become a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling the Bad Minister.
So, what started as a personal personal joke to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and hated sex, as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when he could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and nasty word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, that he asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's the same or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being somebody else.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are structured: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of political controls or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to be aware of our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear music rap music.
Even though the letter is degraded to women and profoundly profoundly, the classic``jumped Santa"of the Jon Bank TV is amazing.
\" Do it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Paradise, give it, move until you hurt your shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the garbage harvesting, the care of the lawns and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Blah"and romantic comedy, and I have abstract fantasies of the stories of the ones that make reality.
Some of my crimes are more decorated.
If a woman wants to adopt the bottom of your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women technically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
I refuse the conventional feminism that has ignored or divided historically the needs of color women, the workers, gay and transgender, to favor of white, sexually, middle class, middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens the following: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feminist into a pedestal.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would remove them with a lot of taste from the same fish where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I consider that nightmare before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist"by fear to what that sticker means, for fear to be able to be able to meet the little realistic expectations.
Take for example to Benjamin, or as I call it, the Goddess.
In the last few years, it's a challenging feminist.
At the Museum Museum Alterna 2014, at MTV, I act in front of the word``feminist"of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star embracing openly feminism and making women know, and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started endless whether Benjamin was or not exactly feminist.
They rank their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of adult and mature women.
We're taking the perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much too much.
We go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism, to design the feminism of any woman, trash it until it's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the starting point.
But what happens next?
We've gone from recognizing our imperfections to realize, pass to action and be a little more courageous.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating an artist for artists that would be happier to provide a limited supply.
These artists won't change their way to talk about women in their songs until we actively experience change affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does your music be so dangerous?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years.
It's two gorgeous girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think about them, all of a sudden, the best choice is a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport, it's going to be the Game of Thrones.
We can change the radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their peers as a boxer.
In any case, men, especially, white men, heterosexual, can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your journal, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are represented, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refused to be included, until more like us, to overcome the barriers to the decision.
Because we're not very bad of these efforts, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the power power and the producers of cinema and music, CEOs, the legislators, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also confidently claim our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Mark Member ,"he says,``I would like to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because I was interested in my voice, and feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids got me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and from women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if it was a bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothingness that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the reality reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need to be so brave.
Just after Christmas last year , 125,000 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's a effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the paper that unleashed the politics about autism and the resolved vaccines, discovered and marked by being a fraud for the British Medical Journal?
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of estimates of the increase of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about, they create their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates remained only three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
Former fundraising organizations like autism Savanket refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could meet another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Centers of the Atlanta Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``expanding diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't diffuse the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of their two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and suspicious progress of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kansas, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . in 2013, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 patients who seemed to have private worlds, none of the people around her, even to their own parents.
They could be entertained for hours waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey of the panic as a result as when they didn't get their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kong speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, to declare that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as I collect references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, it would be able to give that diagnosis to children with seizures, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kleiber was a smart man, but part of his theories were not closed.
I planned autism as a form of childhood psychosis caused by cold and cold parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a fridge that didn't freeze.
At the same time, Barbie noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that put in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, to claim things like the children were simply regurgitating what they had heard to their parents, their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the theory of Korean that autism was rare.
Lab Congress, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the mother mothers from Anonymous was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Saul.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Saul without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They made a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a suburb from London called Sylvia to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Anonymous model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were embedded in their fascination by astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of the Royal.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in nice and satisfying, like Judith, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Monality model of Anonymous would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did anyone get rid of these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Annaheness article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kleiber knew about this article of competition, but he avoided beautifully to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband of Lord talked German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises with music, and kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the education methods that were especially suited for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would fit an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in screens known in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist, and the professor destroyed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Earth and Judith found that Warner was wrong when autism was generous, as well as parents were the causal.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
In the late '80s and early '90s, their changes came into a visit, replace the limited model of Kanzi by a broad one and even Asperger.
These changes don't fall into broken bag.
Eventually, when Europe and Judith worked in between troubles to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before the``Rain Man ,"in 1988, just a little circle, commissioned by experts, I knew what the autism was, but after the incredible act of Scientific Hoffman, like Rome Gilbert and the``Rain Man ,"with four prize awards, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man ,"the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these testing created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted North and Judith, they were actually expected that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Franklin came to blame vaccines because of the increase in diagnosis, a simple, powerful, seductive story as bad as the theory of the autism was a geneticist.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined up on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances, following the term``neuroscientists"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neurogenesis is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily available, genetically social, and suffers from a deficit deficit deficit.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which creates that the``cure"for most autism features are in the understanding of teachers, employers, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named French Accounts once said,``We need all the hands in covers to stretch the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
